highly stars coffee Shop is a cheap restaurant serving Fast food . It is located by the river , Family friendly .
END START Bibimbap House is a cheap restaurant serving Fast food . It is located near Clare Hall in city centre .
END START The Wrestlers is a cheap restaurant serving Fast food . It is located 5 out of 5 by customers .
END START Bibimbap House is a cheap restaurant serving Fast food . It is located in city center near Clare Hall .
END START The Plough is a cheap restaurant serving Fast food . It is located near Café Rouge . \n UNK .
\n END START Fitzbillies is a cheap restaurant serving Fast food . It is located near The Six Bells - riverside .
END START The Phoenix is a cheap restaurant serving Fast food . It is located in the riverside . \n END .
END START Green Man is a cheap restaurant serving Fast food . It is located in riverside near All Bar One .
Located in the riverside area . near All Bar King , The Cricketers serves coffee and Chinese food for a price range of £ 20 - 25 . It is a non children friendly area and it has a high customer rating .
Located in the city centre . near All Bar King , The Cricketers serves coffee and Chinese food for a price range of £ 20 - 25 . It is a non children friendly area and it has a high customer rating .
Located in the city centre . near All Bar One , The Cricketers serves coffee and Chinese food for a price range of £ 20 - 25 . It is a non children friendly area and it has a high customer rating .
Located in the riverside UNK . near All Bar Sicilia , The Cricketers serves coffee and Chinese food for a price range of £ 20 - 25 . It is a non children friendly area and it has a high customer rating .
Located in the riverside area . near All Bar King , The Cricketers serves coffee and Chinese food for a price range of £ 20 - 25 . It is a non children friendly area and it has a high customer rating .
Located in the riverside area . near All Bar King , The Cricketers serves coffee and Chinese food for a price range of £ 20 - 25 . It is a non children friendly area and it has a high customer rating .
Located in the riverside area . near All Bar One , The Cricketers serves coffee and Chinese food for a price range of £ 20 - 25 . It is a non children friendly area and it has a high customer rating .
Located in the riverside area . near All Bar King , The Cricketers serves coffee and Chinese food for a price range of £ 20 - 25 . It is a non children friendly area and it has a high customer rating .
The Waterman is a high rated pub located on the riverside near riverside . \n END START . Punter has a mid - level price range and is not children friendly .
The Boat is a high rated pub located on the riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn . It has a mid - level price range and is not children friendly .
The Vaults is a high rated pub located on the riverside near Café Adriatic . \n END . Cocum has a mid - level price range and is not children friendly .
The Cricketers is a high rated pub located on the riverside near Ranch \n END START The . Cocum has a mid - level price range and is not children friendly .
The Waterman is a high rated pub located on the riverside near \n END START The Wrestlers . restaurant has a mid - level price range and is not children friendly .
The Waterman is a high rated pub located on the riverside near customers day lovely French food . It has a mid - level price range and is not children friendly .
The Boat is a high rated pub located on the riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn . It has a mid - level price range and is not children friendly .
The Boat is a high rated pub located on the riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn . It has a mid - level price range and is not children friendly .
Near the Express by Holiday Inn on the city is The Rice Boat . It is a Japanese pub that is family - friendly .
Near the Express by Holiday Inn , the city is The Rice Boat . It is a Japanese pub that is family - friendly .
Near the Express by Holiday Inn in the city is The Rice Boat . It is a Japanese pub that is family - friendly .
Near the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre The Rice Boat . a low priced Japanese pub that is family - friendly .
Near the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre The Rice Boat . It is a Japanese pub that is family - friendly .
Near the Express by Holiday Inn and the city is The Rice Boat . It is a Japanese pub that is family - friendly .
Near the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre The Rice Boat . It is a Japanese pub that is family - friendly .
Near the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre The Rice Boat . It is an Japanese pub that is family - friendly .
The Wrestlers located close near Raja Indian Cuisine that has expensive , family friendly food service .
The Wrestlers coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine that has expensive , family friendly dining experience .
The Wrestlers is located near Raja Indian Cuisine that has expensive , family friendly riverside why .
The Wrestlers , located near Raja Indian Cuisine that has expensive , family friendly food place .
The Wrestlers coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine that has expensive , family friendly food that .
The Wrestlers in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine that has expensive , family friendly Indian food .
The Wrestlers is located near Raja Indian Cuisine that has expensive , family friendly riverside UNK .
The Wrestlers coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine that has expensive , family friendly , items .
' pub is a low priced . \n END START Cotto UNK , near The Portland Arms .
The Waterman is a low priced , 3 - star Chinese restaurant , near the city centre .
The Waterman is a low priced restaurant in Cambridge , you stop , near riverside style food .
START There is a low priced restaurant UNK called The Twenty Two , near The Rice Boat .
Blue Spice is a low priced coffee shop providing a night UNK , near Avalon in Riverside .
START There is a low priced family - friendly shop The Wrestlers , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
Loch Fyne is a low priced Japanese restaurant located in City centre , near The Rice Boat .
The Wrestlers is a low priced Italian coffee shop in City Centre , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Punter , a restaurant that that serves Chinese food less than £ 20 , It is in the city , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Punter , a restaurant that they serve Chinese food less than £ 20 , is located in City Centre , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Punter , a restaurant that offers family Chinese food less than £ 20 , it is in Riverside and , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Punter , a restaurant that that serves Chinese food less than £ 20 , it is in City Centre , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Punter , a restaurant that that serves Chinese food less than £ 20 , is located in City centre , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Punter , a restaurant that also sells Chinese food less than £ 20 , It is in in Riverside , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Punter , a restaurant that that offers Chinese food less than £ 20 , is located in the riverside , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Punter , a restaurant that that serves Chinese food less than £ 20 , is located in City centre , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
There is a cheap family friendly pub coffee shop called The Wrestlers , in the city centre , they are located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
There is a cheap family friendly pub of UNK called The Wrestlers , they serve Japanese good , they are located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
There is a cheap family friendly pub shop called The Wrestlers in , that serves fast food , They are located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
There is a cheap family friendly pub shop in Riverside called The , . They serve French , and are located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
There is a cheap family friendly pub food coffee shop in the , centre called The Wrestlers , They are located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
There is a cheap family friendly pub shop in the riverside area , called The Wrestlers . , it are located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
There is a cheap family friendly pub shop called The Wrestlers and , down by the riverside , it are located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
There is a cheap family friendly pub coffee shop called The Wrestlers , they serve fast food , they are located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
A family - friendly coffee shop , called The Cricketers is located near Ranch and has well French food customers .
A family - friendly coffee \n END START The Cricketers is located near Ranch and has UNK for UNK ratings .
A family - friendly coffee \n END START The Cricketers is located near Ranch and has a family friendly atmosphere .
A family - friendly coffee \n END START The Cricketers is located near Ranch and has a children friendly pub .
A family - friendly coffee \n END START The Cricketers is located near Ranch and has a children friendly pub .
A family - friendly coffee \n END START The Cricketers is located near Ranch and has a high customer rating .
A family - friendly coffee \n END START The Cricketers is located near Ranch and has a low customer rating .
A family - friendly coffee \n END START The Cricketers is located near Ranch and has a children friendly atmosphere .
A high priced restaurant serving fast food in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine , is The Phoenix . It is children friendly .
A high priced restaurant serving fast food in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine , is The Phoenix . It is children friendly .
A high priced restaurant serving fast food in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine , is The Phoenix . It is children friendly .
A high priced restaurant serving fast food in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine , is The Phoenix . It is children friendly .
A high priced restaurant serving fast food in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine , is The Phoenix . It is children friendly .
A high priced restaurant serving fast food in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine , is The Phoenix . It is children friendly .
A high priced restaurant serving fast food in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine , is The Phoenix . It is children friendly .
A high priced restaurant serving fast food in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine , is The Phoenix . It is children friendly .
This non kid friendly restaurant called The Wrestlers , can be found near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre which offers Indian food at a high price range .
This non kid friendly restaurant called The Wrestlers , can be found near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre which provides Indian food at a high price range .
This non kid friendly restaurant called The Wrestlers , can be found near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre which offers fast food at a high price range .
This non kid friendly restaurant called The Wrestlers , can be found near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre which provides Indian food at a high price range .
This non kid friendly restaurant called The Wrestlers , can be found near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre which offers fast food at a high price range .
This non kid friendly restaurant called The Wrestlers , can be found near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre which offers Japanese food at a high price range .
This non kid friendly restaurant called The Wrestlers , can be found near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre which offers Italian food at a high price range .
This non kid friendly restaurant called The Wrestlers , can be found near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre which provides fast food at a high price range .
The Wrestlers is located next to Raja Indian Cuisine . They are a pub shop in riverside .
The Wrestlers is located next to Raja Indian Cuisine . They are a pub restaurant in UNK .
The Wrestlers is located next to Raja Indian Cuisine . They are a pub shop in Riverside .
The Wrestlers is located next to Raja Indian Cuisine . They are a pub and in UNK .
The Wrestlers is located close to Raja Indian Cuisine . They are a pub with the riverside .
The Wrestlers is located next to Raja Indian Cuisine . They are a pub shop in riverside .
The Wrestlers is located close to Raja Indian Cuisine . They are a pub shop in riverside .
The Wrestlers is located next to Raja Indian Cuisine . They are a pub - friendly establishment .
With one star The Wrestlers is a family friendly pub shop offering Italian food . It is situated in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine .
With one star The Wrestlers is a family friendly pub shop providing French food . It is situated in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine .
With one star The Wrestlers is a family friendly pub shop offering Japanese food . It is situated in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine .
With one star The Wrestlers is a family friendly pub eatery and coffee shop . It is situated in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine .
With one star The Wrestlers is a family friendly pub shop serving French food . It is situated in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine .
With one star The Wrestlers is a family friendly pub shop serving French food . It is situated in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine .
With one star The Wrestlers is a family friendly pub shop that serves pasta . It is situated in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine .
With one star The Wrestlers is a family friendly pub shop serving Japanese food . It is situated in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Phoenix is a 3 - star family restaurant located outside of City centre .
The Phoenix is high for it star family facility , as well as service .
The Phoenix is a new 5 star family restaurant located in the city center .
The Phoenix is a 1 - star family UNK with a UNK of stop .
The Phoenix is a great 5 star family restaurant with a UNK priced food .
The Phoenix is a five - star family restaurant serving UNK local and UNK .
The Phoenix is a cheap - star family restaurant in the centre \n END .
The Phoenix is a 5 - star family cuisine restaurant located by the river .
The Plough is a pub providing Chinese food in the cheap price range . It is located in the riverside . \n END START The Indian restaurant .
The Plough is a pub providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located near Café Rouge . Not only sells like Indian allowed .
The Plough is a pub providing Chinese food in the low price range . It is located near Café Rouge . \n END START UNK Indian food .
The Plough is a pub providing Chinese food in the cheap price range . It is located in the riverside . It is near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Plough is a pub providing Chinese food in the low price range . It is located near Café Rouge . \n END START The Indian is .
The Plough is a pub providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located near Café Rouge . Look allows children and Indian people .
The Plough is a pub providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is located in the riverside . It is near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Plough is a pub providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located near Café Rouge . \n END START The Indian restaurant .
The adult only French pub , The Punter , is located near Café Sicilia in riverside where you can eat for under £ 25 at head . It 's fancy rated place
The adult only French pub , The Plough , is located near Café Sicilia in riverside where you can eat for under £ 25 at \n END START Clowns is rated place
The adult only French pub , The Plough , is located near Café Sicilia in riverside where you can eat for under £ 25 at \n END START A low rated place
The adult only French pub , The Plough , is located near Café Sicilia in riverside where you can eat for under £ 25 at a average . \n END rated place
The adult only French pub , The Plough , is located near Café Sicilia in riverside where you can eat for under £ 25 at head \n END START family rated place
The adult only French pub , The Plough , is located near Café Sicilia in riverside where you can eat for under £ 25 at head . \n END START rated place
The adult only French pub , The Plough , is located near Café Sicilia in riverside where you can eat for under £ 25 at \n END START The Eagle rated place
The adult only French pub , The Plough , is located near Café Sicilia in riverside where you can eat for under £ 25 at head . \n END START rated place
The Phoenix is an average Indian restaurant located in the city center near Express by Holiday Inn , END START The The UNK pub .
The Phoenix is an average Indian restaurant located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn , \n END START Blue Spice is .
The Phoenix is an average Indian restaurant located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn , \n END START The UNK is .
The Phoenix is an average Indian restaurant located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn , This restaurant is not child friendly .
The Phoenix is an average Indian restaurant located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn , This earned is not family friendly .
The Phoenix is an average Indian restaurant located in the city centre . \n by Holiday Inn , serves food for less than 20 .
The Phoenix is an average Indian restaurant located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn , and the family friendly is cheap .
The Phoenix is an average Indian restaurant , in the city center near Express by Holiday Inn , the cost are not is cheap .
There is a coffee shop in the sure Cambridge that serves cheap .
There is a coffee shop which serves sushi , called The Punter .
There is a coffee shop in City Centre , food is UNK .
There is a coffee shop pricey called The Vaults near Café Brazil .
There is a coffee shop called The Mill in the riverside area .
There is a coffee shop named Cocum which is rated five stars .
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies near taste UNK the average .
There is a coffee shop , UNK for adults , The Cricketers .
The Mill is a family - friendly pub that offers fast food . It has a low customer rating , is located in the riverside , near Café Sicilia , and is expensive .
The Mill is a family - friendly pub that offers fast food . It has a low customer rating , is located in the riverside , near Café Sicilia , and is expensive .
The Mill Curry is family - friendly pub that offers fast food . It has a low customer rating , is located in City centre , near Café Sicilia , and is expensive .
The Mill is a family - friendly pub that offers fast food . It has a low customer rating , is located in city centre , near Café Sicilia , and is expensive .
The Mill is a family - friendly pub that offers fast food . It has a low customer rating , is located in city centre , UNK of Sicilia , and is expensive .
The Mill is a family - friendly pub that offers fast food . It has a low customer rating , is located in city centre , nearby Café Sicilia , and is expensive .
The Mill Curry is family - friendly pub that offers fast food . It has a low customer rating , is located in City Centre , near Café Sicilia , and is expensive .
The Mill is a family - friendly pub that offers fast food . It has a low customer rating , is located in City Centre , nearby Café Sicilia , and is expensive .
The Vaults restaurant serves French for and is children friendly . Near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside . be UNK .
The Vaults restaurant serves French for located by the riverside . Near Raja Indian Cuisine is £ . 20 range .
The Vaults restaurant serves French for in a coffee shop . Near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside . \n END .
The Vaults restaurant serves French for , a and coffee . Near Raja Indian Cuisine at riverside . price range .
The Vaults restaurant serves French for average priced coffee shop . Near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside . \n END .
The Vaults restaurant serves French for less than 20 Euros . Near Raja Indian Cuisine . UNK . It is .
The Vaults restaurant serves French for less than £ 20 . Near Raja Indian Cuisine UNK riverside . No one .
The Vaults restaurant serves French for UNK night the UNK . Near Raja Indian Cuisine - riverside . The Wrestlers .
Located near All Bar One , The Cricketers is a restaurant styled joint that sells Chinese food . This shop is known in the city center , its high prices , family friendly atmosphere , and high ratings .
Located near All Bar One , The Cricketers is a restaurant styled joint that sells Chinese food . This shop is known in the city centre has its high prices , family friendly atmosphere , and high ratings .
Located near All Bar One , The Cricketers is a restaurant styled joint that sells Chinese food . This shop is known in the city centre , its high prices , family friendly atmosphere , and high ratings .
Located near All Bar One , The Cricketers is a restaurant styled joint that sells Chinese food . This shop is known in the city centre area its high prices , family friendly atmosphere , and high ratings .
Located near All Bar One , The Cricketers is a restaurant styled joint that sells Chinese food . This shop is known in the city centre , its high prices , family friendly atmosphere , and high ratings .
Located near All Bar One , The Cricketers is a restaurant styled joint that sells Chinese food . This shop is known in the city centre , its high prices , family friendly atmosphere , and high ratings .
Located near All Bar One , The Cricketers is a restaurant styled joint that sells Chinese food . This shop is known in the city centre , its high prices , family friendly atmosphere , and high ratings .
Located near All Bar One , The Cricketers is a restaurant styled joint that sells Chinese food . This shop is known for the city short location its high prices , family friendly atmosphere , and high ratings .
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café , by the riverside is a pub called The Blue Spice . It welcomes cost . \n END .
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café , by the riverside is a pub called The Blue Spice . It has a moderate price range .
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café , by the riverside is a pub called The Blue Spice . It also has a moderate price .
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café , by the riverside is a pub called The Blue Spice . It has a cheap price range .
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café , by the riverside is a pub called The Blue Spice . It has a moderate price range .
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café , by the riverside is a pub called The Blue Spice . It UNK prices . \n END .
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café , by the riverside is a pub called The Blue Spice . It is moderately priced \n END .
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café , by the riverside is a pub called The Blue Spice . It has an average price range .
There 's a cheap , three - star restaurant The Cricketers near to All Bar One . \n END START . It serves Chinese food and has an average customer rating .
There 's a cheap , five - star restaurant The Cricketers near to All Bar One , called Midsummer House . It serves Chinese food and has an average customer rating .
There 's a cheap , UNK place food find The Cricketers near to All Bar One , called Midsummer House . It serves Chinese food and has an average customer rating .
There 's a cheap , family friendly place called The Cricketers near to All Bar One in the riverside area . It serves Chinese food and has an average customer rating .
There 's a cheap , family - friendly restaurant The Cricketers near to All Bar One in the riverside area . It serves Chinese food and has an average customer rating .
There 's a cheap , average - priced restaurant The Cricketers near to All Bar Bar in the city centre . It serves Chinese food and has an average customer rating .
There 's a cheap , UNK Japanese restaurant called The Cricketers near to All Bar One \n END START Alimentum . It serves Chinese food and has an average customer rating .
There 's a cheap , . \n END START The Cricketers near to All Bar Bar in the riverside area . It serves Chinese food and has an average customer rating .
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a family friendly restaurant with a customer rating of five out of five called The Waterman .
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a family friendly restaurant with a customer rating of five out of five called Browns Cambridge .
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a family friendly restaurant with a customer rating of five out of five . \n END .
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a family friendly restaurant with a customer rating of five out of five in Cambridge for .
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a family friendly restaurant with a customer rating of five out of five , The Waterman .
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a family friendly restaurant with a customer rating of five out of five . \n END .
Near Crowne Plaza can find a family friendly restaurant with a customer rating of five out of 5 . \n END .
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel for a family friendly restaurant with a customer rating of five out of five called The Waterman .
The Wrestlers is a family pub that provides wine and spirits and UNK food items is inexpensive and close to Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Wrestlers is a family pub that provides wine and spirits and UNK food items is inexpensive and close to Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Cambridge Blue is family pub that provides wine and spirits and UNK food items is inexpensive and close to Raja Café Brazil .
The Wrestlers has a family pub that provides wine and spirits and UNK food items is inexpensive and close to Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Wrestlers is a family pub that provides wine and spirits and UNK food items is inexpensive and close to Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Wrestlers is a family pub that provides wine and spirits and UNK food items is inexpensive and close to Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Cambridge Blue is family pub that provides wine and spirits and UNK food items is inexpensive and close to Raja Café Brazil .
The Plough , is family pub that provides wine and spirits and UNK food items is inexpensive and close to Raja Café Rouge .
The Wrestlers is a high priced , child friendly , Fast food Café in riverside , nearby Raja Indian Cuisine .
Wrestlers coffee Shop , high priced , family friendly , Fast food in city centre , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
coffee shop is a high priced , kid friendly , Fast food , in Riverside , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Wrestlers is a high priced , kid friendly , Fast food in City Centre , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
Wrestlers coffee shop is high priced , family friendly , Fast food in City Centre , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
\n END START For high priced , child friendly , Fast food , The Wrestlers , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
END START There 's high priced , family friendly , Fast food eatery The Wrestlers , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
UNK sure to be high priced , kid friendly , Fast food restaurant in Riverside , nearby Raja Indian Cuisine .
Blue Spice is an average - priced pub in the riverside the Rainbow Vegetarian Café .
Blue Spice is a cheap family friendly pub in riverside near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café .
Blue Spice is \n END START UNK pub in Riverside near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café .
Blue Spice is a higher UNK British pub in town near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café .
Blue Spice is a high end end pub in riverside near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café .
Blue Spice is a high - end pub in riverside near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café .
Blue Spice is a family - friendly pub in the city the Rainbow Vegetarian Café .
Blue Spice is a low rated French pub in is located the Rainbow Vegetarian Café .
The Vaults near The Rice Boat in the city centre is a pub located Italian food for less than £ 20 . It is not family - friendly with a low customer rating .
The Vaults near Café Rouge located in the city centre is a pub providing Italian food for less than £ 20 . It is not family - friendly with a low customer rating .
The Vaults near the Burger King in the city centre is a pub shop serving food for less than £ 20 . It is not family - friendly with a low customer rating .
The Vaults near END START located in the city centre is a pub providing English food for less than £ 20 . It is not family - friendly with a low customer rating .
The Vaults near END START Fitzbillies in the city centre is a pub shop serving Italian for less than £ 20 . It is not family - friendly with a low customer rating .
The Vaults near Burger King located in the city centre is a pub shop providing food for less than £ 20 . It is not family - friendly with a low customer rating .
The Vaults near the Burger King in the city centre is a pub offering Italian food for less than £ 20 . It is not family - friendly with a low customer rating .
The Vaults near Shop , located in the city centre is a pub offering Italian food for less than £ 20 . It is not family - friendly with a low customer rating .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia . Yes it is children friendly . It has an average customer rating .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia . Yes it is children friendly . It has an average customer rating .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia . Yes it is children friendly . It has an high price range .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia . Yes it is children friendly . It has an average customer rating .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia . Yes it is children friendly . It has an average customer rating .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia . Yes it is children friendly . It has an average customer rating .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia . Yes it is children friendly . It has an average customer rating .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia . Yes it is children friendly . it has an average price range .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving French food . It is children friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving French food . It is children friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop offering Indian food . It is children friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near The Bakers . It is children friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near The Bakers . It is children friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving French food . It is children friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near The Bakers . It is children friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving Japanese food . It is children friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
The 5 out of 5 rated restaurant , The Phoenix , is located in the city centre near the UNK Burger King . It is not family friendly , with cheap Indian food UNK served .
The 5 out of 5 rated restaurant , The Phoenix , is located in the city centre near the food Burger King . It is not family friendly , with cheap UNK over 30 served .
The 5 out of 5 rated restaurant , The Phoenix , is located in the city centre near the by Holiday Inn . It is not family friendly , with cheap Indian food at served .
The 5 out of 5 rated restaurant , The Phoenix , is located in the riverside area near the Burger King , . It is not family friendly , with cheap food for a served .
The 5 out of 5 rated restaurant , The Phoenix , is located in the city centre near the Burger King . . It is not family friendly , with cheap Indian food being served .
The 5 out of 5 rated restaurant , The Phoenix , is located in the city centre near the Burger King UNK . It is not family friendly , with cheap ranging at 30 served .
The 5 out of 5 rated restaurant , The Phoenix , is located in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel . It is not family friendly , with cheap coffee shop are served .
The 5 out of 5 rated restaurant , The Phoenix , is located in the city centre near the UNK coffee shop . It is not family friendly , with cheap food and Indian served .
Wildwood is a pub providing Indian food It is located in the riverside . \n END START Giraffe , Cambridge .
Wildwood is a pub providing Indian food It is located in the riverside . UNK customers rating it okay average .
Wildwood is a pub providing Indian food It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is high . .
Wildwood is a pub providing Indian food It is located in the riverside . \n END START A is restaurant .
Wildwood is a pub providing Indian food It is located in the riverside . \n END START Wildwood is a .
Wildwood is a pub providing Indian food It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is very high .
Wildwood is a pub providing Indian food It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is high , .
Wildwood is a pub providing Indian food It is located in the riverside . \n END START The is restaurant .
The Mill is a moderately priced pub near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre . It is not the type of place people bring your kids .
The Mill is a moderately priced pub near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre . It is not the type of place people bring \n END .
The Mill is a moderately priced pub near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre . It is not the type of place people bring out kids .
The Mill is a moderately priced pub near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre . It is not the type of place people bring fast food .
The Mill is a moderately priced pub near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre . It is not the type of place people bring Japanese food .
The Mill is a moderately priced pub near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre . It is not the type of place people bring fast food .
The Mill is a moderately priced pub near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre . It is not the type of place people bring Italian food .
The Mill is a moderately priced pub near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre . It is not the type of place people bring it taste .
The Punter is a high - priced restaurant that serves Japanese food . It is child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . It is located near Express by Holiday Inn \n END .
The Punter is a high - priced restaurant which serves Japanese food . It is family friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . It is located near Express by Holiday Inn \n END .
The Punter is a high - priced coffee shop offering Italian food . It is child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . It is located near Express by Holiday Inn \n END .
The Punter is a high - priced venue shop serving French food . It is family friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . It is located near Express by Holiday Inn \n END .
The Punter is a high - priced restaurant in the city food . It is family friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . It is located near Express by Holiday Inn \n END .
The Punter is a high - priced coffee shop offering Japanese food . It is child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . It is located near Express by Holiday Inn in riverside .
The Punter is a high - priced coffee shop serving French food . It is child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . It is located near Express by Holiday Inn \n END .
The Punter is a high - priced venue that provides Italian food . It is child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . It is located near Express by Holiday Inn \n END .
The Vaults is a restaurant is located near Raja Indian Cuisine by the river . They offer a cheap price range and are family friendly .
The Vaults is a restaurant is located near Raja Indian Cuisine by the river . They offer wine and cheese and is UNK family friendly .
The Vaults is a restaurant is located near Raja Indian Cuisine by the river . They UNK in low price range and is family friendly .
The Vaults is a restaurant is located near Raja Indian Cuisine by the river . They serve UNK UNK and is UNK to family friendly .
The Vaults is a restaurant is located near Raja Indian Cuisine by the river . They END START UNK food in Ranch is family friendly .
The Vaults is a restaurant is located near Raja Indian Cuisine by the river . They are a pub UNK and are not family friendly .
The Vaults is a restaurant is located near Raja Indian Cuisine by the river . They serve wine , UNK UNK and is family friendly .
The Vaults is a restaurant is located near Raja Indian Cuisine by the river . They are in the low range and is family friendly .
The Cricketers is a family friendly restaurant that serves Chinese food with a price range of less than £ 20 and has a low customer rating . It is located near All Bar One in riverside . . END START Green .
The Cricketers is a family friendly restaurant that serves Chinese food with a price range of less than £ 20 and has a low customer rating . It is located near All Bar One in END START . provides UNK UNK .
The Cricketers is a family friendly restaurant that serves Chinese food with a price range of less than £ 20 and has a low customer rating . It is located near All Bar One in the riverside . Unfortunately Also favorite .
The Cricketers is a family friendly restaurant that serves Chinese food with a price range of less than £ 20 and has a low customer rating . It is located near All Bar One in the riverside . \n END START .
The Cricketers is a family friendly restaurant that serves Chinese food with a price range of less than £ 20 and has an average customer rating . It is located near All Bar One in \n END . Alimentum in Cambridge .
The Cricketers is a family friendly restaurant that serves Chinese food with a price range of less than £ 20 and has is no family area . It is located near All Bar One in riverside . . END START Wildwood .
The Cricketers is a family friendly restaurant that serves Chinese food with a price range of less than £ 20 and has a low customer rating . It is located near All Bar One in \n END . Here The Vaults .
The Cricketers is a family friendly restaurant that serves Chinese food with a price range of less than £ 20 and has an average customer rating . It is located near All Bar One in City Centre . \n END START .
A close to Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre , The Wrestlers UNK French food moderate pricing and is also kid friendly .
A UNK near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre area , The Wrestlers French food moderate pricing and is not kid friendly .
A Near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre area . It is French food moderate pricing and is not kids friendly .
A UNK near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre , UNK The Wrestlers French food moderate pricing and is not kid friendly .
A Located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre , The Wrestlers has French food moderate pricing and is not kid friendly .
A near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre , The Wrestlers sells French food moderate pricing and is not kids friendly .
A located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre . They are a French food moderate pricing and is not kid friendly .
A coffee shop Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre called The Wrestlers has French food moderate pricing and is not kid friendly .
Customers rate Zizzi coffee shop , near UNK UNK , must .
Customers rate Zizzi coffee shop , near food river , average .
Customers rate Zizzi coffee shop , near the food , high .
Customers rate Zizzi coffee shop , near the river , average .
Customers rate Zizzi Italian shop , near food see , average .
Customers rate Zizzi coffee shop , near the UNK , average .
Customers rate Zizzi coffee shop , near food light , average .
Customers rate Zizzi coffee shop , near UNK family , UNK .
coffee Shop is a moderately - priced Italian restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre which is not kid friendly .
The Wrestlers is a moderately - priced Italian restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre which is not kid friendly .
The Wrestlers is a moderately - priced Italian restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre which is not kid friendly .
Green Man is a moderately - priced Italian restaurant near All Indian One in the city centre which is not kid friendly .
The Waterman is a moderately - priced Italian restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre which is not kid friendly .
The Wrestlers is a moderately - priced Italian restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre which is not kid friendly .
Green Man is a moderately - priced Italian restaurant near All Indian One in the city centre which is not kid friendly .
The Waterman is a moderately - priced Italian restaurant near it Indian located in the city centre which is not kid friendly .
Near riverside and . \n END START A kid friendly , fast food restaurant is Zizzi .
Near riverside and I UNK . UNK with kid friendly , fast food is UNK coffee .
Near riverside and a low - priced , kid friendly , fast food restaurant Café well .
Near riverside and less from £ 20 , kid friendly , fast food is The Waterman .
Near riverside and is a highly rated , kid friendly , fast food restaurant The Waterman .
Near riverside and a high - priced , kid friendly , fast food The Olive Grove .
Near riverside and is a moderately priced , kid friendly , fast food restaurant The Waterman .
Near riverside and UNK to site UNK a kid friendly , fast food restaurant The Waterman .
Near All Bar One there is a pub named Clowns and it is rated 3 out of 5 .
Near All Bar One area has a pub named Clowns and it is rated 3 out of 5 .
Near All Bar One there is a pub named Clowns and it is rated 3 out of 5 .
Near All Bar One their is a pub named Clowns and it is rated 3 out of 5 .
Near All Bar One , have a pub named Clowns and it is rated 3 out of 5 .
Near All Bar One there is a pub named Clowns and it is rated 3 out of 5 .
Near All Bar One there is a pub named Clowns and it is rated 3 out of 5 .
Near All Bar One there is a pub named Clowns and it is rated 3 out of 5 .
Near Near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area is a kid - friendly pub with moderate prices . It is the Wrestlers .
Near near Raja Indian Cuisine \n END START area is a kid - friendly pub with low ratings . It is the Cocum .
Near START Raja you are in the Riverside area is a kid - friendly pub with average ratings . It is the places .
Near Burger Raja . \n END START The area is a kid - friendly pub with reasonable prices . It is the Café .
Near £ Raja - 25 \n END START area is a kid - friendly pub with high ratings . It is the Ranch .
Near average Raja . \n END START The area is a kid - friendly pub with fast food . It is the Café .
Near to Raja Plaza Hotel \n END START area is a kid - friendly pub with Italian food . It is the UNK .
Near the Raja a perfect high , The area is a kid - friendly pub with cheap food . It is the Ranch .
Serving Italian food , The Punter is a restaurant in the center of the city , near Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It has a moderate price range and is not children friendly . Customers rate is 1 out of 5 .
Serving Italian food , The Punter is a restaurant in the center of the city , near Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It has a moderate price range and is kid friendly . . Customers rate is 1 out of 5 .
Serving Italian food , The Punter is a restaurant in the center of the city , near Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It has a UNK moderate priced it is not kid friendly . Customers rate is 1 out of 5 .
Serving Italian food , The Punter is a restaurant in the center of the city , near Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It has a moderate price range and is not kid friendly . Customers rate is 1 out of 5 .
Serving Italian food , The Punter is a restaurant in the center of the city , near Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It has not children friendly and so is on the moderate . Customers rate is 1 out of 5 .
Serving Italian food , The Punter is a restaurant in the center of the city , near Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It has a moderate price range and is not kid friendly . Customers rate is 1 out of 5 .
Serving Italian food , The Punter is a restaurant in the center of the city , near Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It has a moderate price range , is kid friendly , . Customers rate is 1 out of 5 .
Serving Italian food , The Punter is a restaurant in the center of the city , near Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It has a high price range and is family - friendly . Customers rate is 1 out of 5 .
The Cricketers is a mid priced coffee shop with a high customer rating . It is located near the Café Brazil .
The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating . It is located near the Café Sicilia .
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop with a high customer range . It is located near the Café Sicilia .
The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating . It is located near the Café Sicilia .
The Cricketers is a mid priced coffee shop with a high customer rating . It is located near the Café Sicilia .
The Cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating . It is located near the Café Sicilia .
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop with a high customer price . It is located near the Café Sicilia .
The Cricketers is a child Friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating . It END located near the Café Brazil .
The Wrestlers is a go restaurant , suitable for families and features moderately priced wine and UNK , UNK customers including families . You can find The Wrestlers near Raja Indian Cuisine at City Centre .
The Wrestlers is a go - to restaurant for families and features moderately priced foods right on the UNK customers including families . You can find The Wrestlers near Raja Indian Cuisine at City Centre .
The Wrestlers is a go out that caters for families and features moderately priced prices . The style UNK customers including families . You can find The Wrestlers near Raja Indian Cuisine at City Centre .
The Wrestlers is a go UNK , UNK for families and features moderately priced go to UNK the UNK customers including families . You can find The Wrestlers near Raja Indian Cuisine at City Centre .
The Wrestlers is a go that is suitable for families and features moderately priced fast foods UNK , UNK customers including families . You can find The Wrestlers near Raja Indian Cuisine at City Centre .
The Wrestlers is a go shop , UNK for families and features moderately priced fast food . You UNK customers including families . You can find The Wrestlers near Raja Indian Cuisine at City Centre .
The Wrestlers is a go priced restaurant suitable for families and features moderately priced Italian items here from UNK customers including families . You can find The Wrestlers near Raja Indian Cuisine at City Centre .
The Wrestlers is a go food restaurant suitable for families and features moderately priced . \n END START UNK customers including families . You 'll find The Wrestlers near Raja Indian Cuisine at City Centre .
The Wrestlers food near the Raja Indian Cuisine the riverside . \n END START The food and is very kid friendly
by the riverside near the Raja Indian Cuisine the UNK of the moderately priced fast food and is very kid friendly
END START Located near the Raja Indian Cuisine the The Wrestlers coffee shop has Italian food and is very kid friendly
serve UNK food near the Raja Indian Cuisine the the riverside \n END START Zizzi food and is very kid friendly
city centre , near the Raja Indian Cuisine the The Wrestlers has a moderate price food and is very kid friendly
END START Located near the Raja Indian Cuisine the city centre , The Wrestlers serves food and is very kid friendly
UNK UNK , near the Raja Indian Cuisine the END START Cotto , average Fast food and is very kid friendly
UNK that is near the Raja Indian Cuisine the the city centre . Good fast food and is very kid friendly
The Wrestlers is a Japanese food restaurant , located in the Riverside area nearby Raja Indian Cuisine . It is relatively a high also UNK establishment .
The Wrestlers is a Japanese food restaurant , located in the Riverside area nearby Raja Indian Cuisine . It is relatively children friendly also average price .
The Wrestlers is a Japanese food restaurant , located in the Riverside area nearby Raja Indian Cuisine . It is relatively a moderately also coffee shop .
The Wrestlers is a Japanese food restaurant , located in the Riverside area nearby Raja Indian Cuisine . It is relatively UNK and also kid friendly .
The Wrestlers is a Japanese food restaurant , located in the Riverside area nearby Raja Indian Cuisine . It is relatively coffee shop also for families .
The Wrestlers is a Japanese food restaurant , located in the Riverside area nearby Raja Indian Cuisine . It is relatively priced and also popular eatery .
The Wrestlers is a Japanese food restaurant , located in the Riverside area nearby Raja Indian Cuisine . It is relatively children friendly also \n END .
The Wrestlers is a Japanese food restaurant , located in the Riverside area nearby Raja Indian Cuisine . It is relatively children friendly also \n END .
The Mill , a family - friendly restaurant offers English food at affordable prices . The restaurant is sited in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Mill , a family - friendly restaurant offers English food at affordable prices . The restaurant is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Mill , a family - friendly restaurant offers English food at affordable prices . The restaurant is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Mill , a family - friendly restaurant offers English food at affordable prices . The restaurant is sited in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Mill , a family - friendly restaurant offers English food at affordable prices . The Wrestlers is sited in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Mill , a family - friendly restaurant offers English food at affordable prices . The restaurant is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Mill , a family - friendly restaurant offers English food at affordable prices . The site is sited in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Mill , a family - friendly restaurant offers English food at affordable prices . The can is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Mill is a family friendly mid range star pub located north of the City .
The Mill is a family friendly mid - priced pub located beside . Portland Arms .
The Mill is a family friendly mid - price pub located close to Café Rouge .
The Mill is a family friendly mid range priced pub located close to Café Rouge .
The Mill is a family friendly mid - range pub located just outside of Riverside .
The Mill is a family friendly mid priced Italian pub located near Café Rouge \n .
The Mill is a family friendly mid range priced pub located near the Café Rouge .
The Mill is a family friendly mid 5 star pub located in the city center .
The Phoenix is a pub shop near Burger King in the city centre . They serve Italian food , are children UNK or services , in a high price range .
The Phoenix is a pub with low customer rating in the city centre . They serve Japanese food , UNK children UNK or services , in a high price range .
The Phoenix is a pub star gourmet , just in the city centre . They serve Indian food , a children UNK or services , in a high price range .
The Phoenix is a pub shop near Burger King in the city centre . They serve Indian food , are children UNK or services , in a high price range .
The Phoenix is a pub located off the river in the city centre . They serve UNK food , a children UNK or services , in a high price range .
The Phoenix is a pub rated fast food restaurant in the city centre . They serve START reviewed , a children UNK or services , in a high price range .
The Phoenix is a pub shop near Burger King in the city centre . They serve fast food , a children UNK or services , in a high price range .
The Phoenix is a pub where English restaurant this in the city centre . They serve cost UNK , a children UNK or services , in a high price range .
The Punter Indian restaurant , is moderate priced , has a 3 out of 5 customer Rating , not kid friendly on the riverside . \n END Holiday Chinese .
The Punter Indian restaurant , is moderate in price UNK a 1 out of 5 customer Rating , not kid friendly on the riverside . UNK a Holiday UNK .
The Punter Indian restaurant , is moderate in price range , 3 out of 5 customer Rating , not kid friendly on the UNK near Express by Holiday Inn .
The Punter Indian restaurant , is moderate in price received a 3 out of 5 customer Rating , not kid friendly on the menu 5 out The Holiday but .
The Punter Indian restaurant , is moderate in price , with 3 out of 5 customer Rating , not kid friendly on the riverside . \n END Holiday Come .
The Punter Indian restaurant , is moderate in price , a 3 out of 5 customer Rating , not kid friendly on the riverside . \n END Holiday Looking .
The Punter Indian restaurant , is moderate in price UNK a 3 out of 5 customer Rating , not kid friendly on the city centre , near Holiday King .
The Punter Indian restaurant , is moderate in price UNK a 3 out of 5 customer Rating , not kid friendly on the city centre . \n Holiday START .
Wrestlers coffee shop serves French food and is near the city center and the Raja Indian Cuisine . It is not family - friendly and is priced in the less than 20 START A .
Wrestlers coffee shop serves French food and is near the city center and the Raja Indian Cuisine . It is not family - friendly and is priced in the less than £ 20 range .
coffee shop that serves French food and is near the city center and the Raja Indian Cuisine . It is not family - friendly and is priced in the less than £ 20 range .
coffee shop that serves French food and is near the city center and the Raja Indian Cuisine . It is not family - friendly and is priced in the less than £ 20 range .
Wrestlers coffee shop serves French food and is near the city center and the Raja Indian Cuisine . It is not family - friendly and is priced in the less than £ 20 range .
Wrestlers coffee shop serves French food and is near the city center and the Raja Indian Cuisine . It is not family - friendly and is priced in the less than average pound range .
Wrestlers coffee shop serves French food and is near the city center and the Raja Indian Cuisine . It is not family - friendly and is priced in the less than £ 20 range .
coffee shop that serves French food and is near the city center and the Raja Indian Cuisine . It is not family - friendly and is priced in the less than £ 20 range .
. \n END START kid Wrestlers coffee shop located the Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area . It serves French food .
There is a cheap kid friendly coffee shop located the Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area . It serves French food .
Wrestlers UNK , a kid friendly coffee shop near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area . UNK on French food .
, food at a kid friendly coffee shop located the Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area . \n END French food .
Wrestlers budget UNK is kid friendly it located near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area . UNK the French food .
£ 20 . \n kid START The Wrestlers , the Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area . now friendly French food .
START There is a kid friendly coffee shop near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area . UNK from French food .
\n END START A kid friendly coffee shop near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area . It serves French food .
START Taste of Cambridge is friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
START The Waterman is children friendly and is near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
children friendly . \n END friendly The Waterman near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
of Cambridge . There is friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
out of UNK are UNK friendly they UNK near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
is from average , a friendly UNK , near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
Cambridge is great , this friendly UNK riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Vaults , a UNK pub on the river and Raja Indian Cuisine , boasts moderate prices , high ratings and a kid friendly environment .
The Vaults , an Italian pub on the riverside UNK Raja Indian Cuisine , boasts moderate prices , high ratings and a sure for kids .
The Vaults , a great pub on the riverside of Raja Indian Cuisine , boasts moderate prices , high ratings and a friendly UNK atmosphere .
The Vaults , it UNK pub on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine , boasts moderate prices , high ratings and a kid friendly environment .
The Vaults , a nice pub on the riverside . Serving Indian Cuisine , boasts moderate prices , high ratings and a beautiful bar UNK .
The Vaults , a restaurant pub on the riverside , Raja Indian Cuisine , boasts moderate prices , high ratings and a lovely mature UNK .
The Vaults , a UNK pub on Riverside area to Raja Indian Cuisine , boasts moderate prices , high ratings and a UNK of food .
The Vaults , a great pub on Cambridge , and wonderful Indian Cuisine , boasts moderate prices , high ratings and a UNK going visit .
In the city centre , near the Raja Indian Cuisine , lies the Wildwood . \n END START The Golden Curry offers Indian food . The venue is not family friendly .
In the city centre , near the Raja Indian Cuisine , lies the Wildwood . \n END START The Golden Curry offers Indian food . The venue is not family friendly .
In the city centre , near the Raja Indian Cuisine , lies the Wildwood . This is a moderately priced restaurant serving Indian food . The venue is not family friendly .
In the city centre , near the Raja Indian Cuisine , lies the Wildwood . \n END START The Twenty Two offers Indian food . The venue is not family friendly .
In the city centre , near the Raja Indian Cuisine , lies the Wildwood . This is a coffee shop serving cheap Indian food . The venue is not family friendly .
In the city centre , near the Raja Indian Cuisine , lies the Wildwood . \n END START The Rice Boat serves Indian food . The venue is not family friendly .
In the city centre , near the Raja Indian Cuisine , lies the Wildwood . Also coffee shop \n END START UNK Indian food . The venue is not family friendly .
In the city centre , near the Raja Indian Cuisine , lies the Wildwood . It is a coffee shop serving cheap Indian food . The venue is not family friendly .
The Vaults is a pub in the riverside area that has a 3 out of 5 customer rating . Although it has a high price range , it is children friendly , so cheaper of UNK it near the Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Vaults is a pub in the Riverside area that has a 3 out of 5 customer rating . Although it has a high price range , it is children friendly , you 'll gets the riverside near the Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Vaults is a pub in the riverside area that has a 3 out of 5 customer rating . Although it has a high price range , it is children friendly , and is located in riverside near the Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Vaults is a pub in the riverside area that has a 3 out of 5 customer rating . Although it has a high price range , it is children friendly , . You will find it near the Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Vaults is a pub in the riverside area that has a 3 out of 5 customer rating . Although it has a high price range , it is children friendly , . You will find it near the Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Vaults is a pub in the riverside area that has a 3 out of 5 customer rating . Although it has a high price range , it is children friendly , \n END START The Wrestlers near the Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Vaults is a pub in the riverside area that has a 3 out of 5 customer rating . Although it has a high price range , it is children friendly , I UNK from it is near the Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Vaults is a pub in the Riverside area that has a 3 out of 5 customer rating . Although it has a high price range , it is children friendly , so this over it is near the Raja Indian Cuisine .
in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine has a , range family more than French 30 .
in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine , without , the family and enjoy French cuisine .
in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine . However , is family can UNK French shop .
in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine and UNK , the family will sell French cuisine .
in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine , it , a family UNK offering French food .
in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine , The , is family friendly serving French food .
in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine . \n , START family Wrestlers serves French food .
in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is UNK , END family The Wrestlers French food .
The Punter is a fast food coffee shop located in the city centre near Café Sicilia . It has a low customer rating , but fast food there costs under 20 pounds .
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Café Sicilia . It has a low customer rating , but fast food there costs under 20 pounds .
The \n END START There is a coffee shop in the city centre near Café Sicilia . It has a low customer rating , but fast food there costs under 20 pounds .
The Cricketers . \n END START The Eagle is in the city centre near Café Sicilia . It has a low customer rating , but fast food there costs under 20 pounds .
The . \n END START shop can be found in the city centre near Café Sicilia . It has a low customer rating , but fast food there costs under 20 pounds .
The Punter is a coffee shop that is located in the city centre near Café Sicilia . It has a low customer rating , but fast food there costs under 20 pounds .
The Punter coffee shop is a family friendly restaurant in the city centre near Café Sicilia . It has a low customer rating , but fast food there costs under 20 pounds .
The The Punter is a coffee shop , located in the city centre near Café Sicilia . It has a low customer rating , but fast food there costs under 20 pounds .
The Mill Curry is a French food place pub near Café Sicilia by the river . It is family friendly and has a low rating .
The Mill START The Waterman is a French pub near Café Sicilia by the river . It is family friendly and has a low rating .
The Mill Curry serves Chinese food and is pub near Café Sicilia by the river . It is family friendly and has a low rating .
The Mill is a coffee shop serving Japanese pub near Café Sicilia by Burger King . It is family friendly and has a low rating .
The Mill Boat . \n END START Zizzi pub near Café Sicilia by cheap food . It is family friendly and has a low rating .
The Mill Curry is a fast food restaurant pub near Café Sicilia by the river . It is family friendly and has a low rating .
The Mill . \n END START The Punter pub near Café Sicilia by cheap food . It is family friendly and has a low rating .
The Mill is a coffee shop serving French pub near Café Sicilia by City centre . It is family friendly and has a low rating .
at welcome our one . We a non family - friendly pub our food is Italian we are near the Crowne Plaza Hotel we are at riverside , and our customer rating is low .
Welcome to The Eagle . We a non family - friendly pub our food is Italian we are near the Burger King and we are at riverside , the Our customer rating is low .
food at The Eagle . We a non family - friendly pub our food is Italian we are near the Café Rouge and we are at the riverside , our customer rating is low .
UNK Welcome to Strada . We a non family - friendly pub our food is Italian we are near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café we are at Strada . UNK our customer rating is low .
UNK of the city . We a non family - friendly pub our food is Italian we are near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café we are at Strada and . Our our rating is low .
at Browns Cambridge coffee . We a non family - friendly pub our food is Italian we are near the delicious Hotel and we are at the riverside . Our customer rating is low .
\n END START Browns . We a non family - friendly pub our food is Italian we are near the Crowne Plaza Hotel we are at the riverside . Our customer rating is low .
Welcome to The Waterman . We a non family - friendly pub our food is Italian we are near the city centre and we are at The Waterman . Our customer rating is low .
Family Friendly restaurant with the higher - priced menu at UNK , Rice Punter serves Indian dishes , near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre area .
Family Friendly restaurant that UNK a moderate price range , The , Boat Punter serves Indian dishes , near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre area .
Family Friendly restaurant \n END START 1 out of 5 stars , Rice Punter serves Indian dishes , near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre area .
Family Friendly restaurant . Wildwood \n END START The average UNK , Boat Punter serves Indian dishes , near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre area .
Family Friendly restaurant , UNK The customer , The Rice Boat , is Punter serves Indian dishes , near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre area .
Family Friendly restaurant with low customer ratings . \n END START , Rice Punter serves Indian dishes , near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre area .
Family Friendly restaurant Browns Cambridge \n END START The high restaurant , Rice Punter serves Indian dishes , near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre area .
Family Friendly restaurant . \n END START Although not family friendly , Rice Punter serves Indian dishes , near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre area .
The Vaults is a restaurant which provides Indian food at £ 20 - 25 . Located by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine , it is ideal for the
The Vaults is a restaurant which provides Indian food at £ 20 - 25 . Located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine , it is ideal for kids
The Vaults is a restaurant which provides Indian food at less than £ 25 . Located in the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine , it is ideal for UNK
The Vaults is a restaurant which provides Indian food at prices under £ 25 . Located by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine , it is ideal for adults
The Vaults is a restaurant which provides Indian food at £ 20 - 25 . Located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine , it is ideal for adults
The Vaults is a restaurant which provides Indian food at a high price 25 . Located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine , it is ideal for kids
The Vaults is a restaurant which provides Indian food at a moderate price 25 . Located in the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine , it is ideal for kids
The Vaults is a restaurant which provides Indian food at a cheap price 25 . Located in the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine , it is ideal for UNK
Strada coffee shop has a low customer rating and is located near Express by Holiday Inn .
Strada coffee shop has a low priced rating and is located near Express by Holiday Inn .
Strada coffee shop has a low price , It is located near Express by Holiday Inn .
Strada coffee shop has a low price range and is located near Express by Holiday Inn .
Strada coffee shop has a low price range and is located near Express by Holiday Inn .
Strada coffee shop has a low customer rating and is located near Express by Holiday Inn .
Strada coffee shop has a low - rating and is located near Express by Holiday Inn .
Strada coffee shop has a low price range and is located near Express by Holiday Inn .
In the area of riverside the has a restaurant is The Phoenix , that serves English food . It is not kid friendly and the Fast are UNK as expensive .
In the area of riverside near the Burger King is The Phoenix , and a coffee shop . It is not kid friendly and the Fast food is slightly expensive .
In the area of the riverside , you will is The Phoenix , near Raja Indian Cuisine . It is not kid friendly and the Fast food is quite expensive .
In the area of riverside Express by Holiday Inn is The Phoenix , which sells Italian food . It is not kid friendly and the Fast has moderate price expensive .
In the area of riverside and near Burger King is The Phoenix , it serves coffee food . It is not kid friendly and the Fast customer rating of expensive .
In the area of riverside riverside serving Japanese food is The Phoenix , \n END START Yes . It is not kid friendly and the Fast rating is moderately expensive .
In the area of city centre near Burger King is The Phoenix , which has great coffee . It is not kid friendly and the Fast food is UNK expensive .
In the area of riverside , near Burger King is The Phoenix , a coffee shop UNK . It is not kid friendly and the Fast is 20 - expensive .
The Cricketers is a family - friendly coffee shop near The Portland that has been rated average by customers .
The Cricketers is a family - friendly coffee shop . Located near that UNK , as average by customers .
The Cricketers is a family friendly French coffee shop near Café Sicilia that has been as average by customers .
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee coffee near Café Sicilia , that is UNK as average by customers .
The Cricketers is a family friendly Japanese coffee shop near Café Sicilia that is rated as average by customers .
The Cricketers is a family friendly Japanese coffee UNK . but , that has been rated average by customers .
The Cricketers is a family - friendly coffee shop by Café Sicilia that has been rated average by customers .
The Cricketers is a family friendly pub coffee the UNK Arms , that 's UNK as average by customers .
Blue Spice is in the high price range .
Blue Spice is known for a family eats .
Blue Spice provides local has have children standard .
Blue Spice is located in the city center .
Blue Spice UNK near home for please UNK .
Blue Spice coffee shop is located near Avalon .
Blue Spice is located middle of the river .
Blue Spice is UNK beverages and low children .
The Mill is a moderately priced Indian restaurant that is not children friendly . It 's near the city centre . \n END . The menu serves English food and is usually more £ 30 , but it 's worth it .
The Mill , is a high rating restaurant that is not children friendly . It 's near the city centre and Burger King . The menu serves English food and is usually more £ 30 , but it 's worth it .
The Mill is a high high priced restaurant that is not children friendly . It 's near the city centre of the city . The menu serves English food and is usually more £ 30 , but it 's worth it .
The Mill is a high customer rated restaurant that is not children friendly . It 's near the city centre and the Waterman . The menu serves English food and is usually more £ 30 , but it 's worth it .
The Mill is a more fast food restaurant that is not children friendly . It 's near the city centre . \n END . The menu serves English food and is usually more £ 30 , but it 's worth it .
The Mill is not an average rated restaurant that is not children friendly . It 's near the city centre . \n END . The menu serves English food and is usually more £ 30 , but it 's worth it .
The Mill is high expensive fast food restaurant that is not children friendly . It 's near the city centre . \n END . The menu serves English food and is usually more £ 30 , but it 's worth it .
The Mill customers There is a coffee restaurant that is not children friendly . It 's near the city centre near Burger King . The menu serves English food and is usually more £ 30 , but it 's worth it .
There is an average restaurant serving Italian Giraffe . It is located in the riverside area near Clare Hall . UNK venue , yes , which will UNK high .
There is an establishment that serves Japanese Giraffe . It is located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn . , yes , is over 30 pounds .
There is an average Japanese restaurant called Giraffe . It is located in the riverside area near a family friendly place and , yes , Fitzbillies . \n END .
There is an expensive restaurant offering Italian Giraffe . It is located in the riverside area near the Yippee Noodle Bar , , yes , called The Dumpling Tree .
There is an expensive coffee shop Blue Giraffe . It is located in the riverside area near Avalon . UNK of ratings , yes , is also kid friendly .
There is an Italian pub called the Giraffe . It is located in the riverside area near UNK . \n END START , yes , and has Japanese food .
There is an adults only French restaurant Giraffe . It is located in the riverside area near \n END START The pub , yes , family friendly , riverside .
There is an UNK restaurant called The Giraffe . It is located in the riverside area near that are also £ UNK , yes , 5 out of 5 .
The Punter Italian restaurant near meals is priced Inn in the Riverside centre is kid friendly . With an average customer rating .
The Punter Italian restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn in the Riverside area offers kid friendly dining with a high customer rating .
The Punter Italian restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn in the Riverside centre is kid friendly , but has high customer rating .
The Punter Italian restaurant near The Rice Boat Inn in the Riverside , its kid friendly but has a high customer rating .
The Punter Italian restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn in the Riverside area is kid friendly but has a high customer rating .
The Punter Italian restaurant near The Rice Boat Inn in the Riverside , is kid friendly and has an average customer rating .
The Punter Italian restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn in the Riverside area is kid friendly and has an average customer rating .
The Punter Italian restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn in the Riverside Area , kid friendly and has an average customer rating .
If you do UNK mind UNK a bit more , The Wrestlers restaurant is child - friendly and serves good Japanese food . You will find it near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area .
If you do UNK mind UNK a bit more , The Wrestlers restaurant is child - friendly and serves good Japanese food . You can find it near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area .
If you do UNK mind UNK a bit more , The Wrestlers restaurant is child - friendly and serves good Japanese food . You can find it near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area .
If you do UNK mind UNK a bit more , The Wrestlers restaurant is child - friendly and serves good Japanese food . You can find it near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area .
If you do UNK mind UNK a bit more , The Wrestlers restaurant is child - friendly and serves good Japanese food . You can find it near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area .
If you do UNK mind UNK a bit more , The Wrestlers restaurant is child - friendly and serves good Japanese food . You will find it near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area .
If you do UNK mind UNK a bit more , The Wrestlers restaurant is child - friendly and serves good Japanese food . You can find it near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area .
If you do UNK mind UNK a bit more , The Wrestlers restaurant is child - friendly and serves good Japanese food . You can find it near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area .
a family friendly coffee shop that sells fine foods at moderate prices . They welcome , UNK , just east of Raja Indian Cuisine on the River
a children friendly environment , it sells fine foods at moderate prices . They welcome be UNK located just east of Raja Indian Cuisine on the River
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop sells fine foods at moderate prices . They welcome UNK located the just east of Raja Indian Cuisine on the River
in the riverside area . It sells fine foods at moderate prices . They welcome START The Wrestlers just east of Raja Indian Cuisine on the River
is a restaurant , and it sells fine foods at moderate prices . They welcome START The Wrestlers just east of Raja Indian Cuisine on the River
UNK for a coffee shop which sells fine foods at moderate prices . They welcome called The Wrestlers just east of Raja Indian Cuisine on the River
. \n END START The Wrestlers sells fine foods at moderate prices . They welcome , UNK located just east of Raja Indian Cuisine on the River
\n END START The Wrestlers also sells fine foods at moderate prices . They welcome families and located just east of Raja Indian Cuisine on the River
Serving English food on the riverside in The Punter . A kid friendly restaurant in the price range of 20 - £ 25 . The Punter is located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
Serving English food on the riverside in The Punter . A kid friendly restaurant in the price range £ 20 - £ 25 . The Punter is located near Raja Café Sicilia .
Serving English food on the riverside in The Punter . A kid friendly restaurant in the price range of 20 - £ 25 . The Punter is located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
Serving English food on the riverside in The Punter . A kid friendly restaurant in the price range of 20 - £ 25 . The Punter is located near Raja city centre .
Serving English food on the riverside in The Punter . A kid friendly restaurant in the price range of 20 - £ euros . The Punter is located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
Serving English food on the riverside in The Punter . A kid friendly restaurant in the price range £ 20 - £ 25 . The Punter is located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
Serving English food on the riverside in The Punter . A kid friendly restaurant in the price range £ 20 - £ 25 . The Punter is located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
Serving English food on the riverside in The Punter . A kid friendly restaurant in the price range of 20 - £ UNK . The Punter is located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
START If you are looking a great place to eat , try Green Man , a coffee shop near All Bar One with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 stars .
UNK . \n END START a great place to eat , try Green Man , a coffee shop near All Bar One with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars .
END START For a not a great place to eat , try Green Man , a coffee shop near All Bar One with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars .
If you UNK and some a great place to eat , try Green Man , a coffee shop near All Bar One with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 stars .
. \n END START For a great place to eat , try Green Man , a coffee shop near All Bar One with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars .
END START If looking for a great place to eat , try Green Man , a coffee shop near All Bar One with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 stars .
range . \n END START a great place to eat , try Green Man , a coffee shop near All Bar One with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 stars .
END START If you need a great place to eat , try Green Man , a coffee shop near All Bar One with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars .
There is an average - priced restaurant in riverside called The Waterman that offers English food and is kids friendly Raja \n END .
There is a high price range restaurant in riverside called The Phoenix that offers English food and it has a Raja customer rating .
There is a non child friendly restaurant in riverside called Alimentum , that offers English food and more than £ Raja \n END .
There is a moderately priced coffee restaurant in riverside called The Wrestlers that offers English food and is located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
There is a cheap family friendly restaurant in riverside called The Waterman that offers English food and more than £ Raja on average .
There is an expensive family friendly restaurant in riverside called The Wrestlers that offers English food and is located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
There is a high rated average restaurant in riverside called The Waterman that offers English food and is child friendly Raja \n END .
There is a high price range restaurant in riverside called The Wrestlers that offers English food and is located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
UNK Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside there is a high price range , fast food and restaurant called The Wrestlers .
UNK Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside there is a children - friendly , fast food and restaurant called The Wrestlers .
UNK Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside there is a coffee shop that serves fast food and restaurant called kid friendly .
UNK Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside there is a coffee shop that serves fast food and restaurant moderate price range .
UNK Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside there is a coffee shop that serves fast food and restaurant called The Wrestlers .
UNK Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside there is a cheap , family friendly fast food and restaurant The Wrestlers \n .
UNK Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside there is a coffee shop that serves fast food and restaurant called The Wrestlers .
UNK Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside there is a cheap family - friendly fast food and restaurant called The Wrestlers .
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Japanese pub in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine . This pub is a coffee shop .
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Japanese pub in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine . This pub is a coffee shop .
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Japanese pub in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine . This pub is a coffee shop .
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Japanese pub in the city area , near Raja Indian Cuisine . This pub is not kid friendly .
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Japanese pub in the Riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine . This pub is UNK for families .
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Japanese pub in the Riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine . This pub is a for UNK .
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Japanese pub in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine . This pub is a coffee shop .
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Japanese pub in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine . This pub is a coffee shop .
The Waterman is a pub near to Raja Indian Cuisine and is child - friendly . It has a high price range . \n END in riverside
The Waterman is a pub near to Raja Indian Cuisine that is child - friendly . UNK has a high price range the coffee shop in riverside
The Waterman is a pub near to Raja Indian Cuisine that is child - friendly . It has a high price range . \n END in riverside
The Waterman is a pub near to Raja Indian Cuisine that is child - friendly . It has a high price range and is located in riverside
The Waterman is a pub near to Raja Indian Cuisine that is child - friendly . It has a high - priced restaurant , located in riverside
The Waterman is a pub near to Raja Indian food and is child - friendly . It has a high customer rating and is located in riverside
The Waterman is a pub near to Raja Indian Cuisine that is child - friendly . It has a high price range and is located in riverside
The Waterman is a pub near to Raja Indian Cuisine that is child - friendly . It has a high price range . It is in riverside
The Vaults pub offers French food , in the riverside area . In the moderate price range .
The Vaults pub offers French food , in the riverside area . It has low customer ratings .
The Vaults pub offers French style , in the riverside area . \n END START The is .
The Vaults pub offers French food , in the riverside area . UNK customer ratings are average .
The Vaults pub offers French food , in the riverside area . Prices range under 20 £ .
The Vaults pub offers French food , in the riverside area . \n END START The friendly .
The Vaults pub offers French Italian , in the riverside area . \n END START Zizzi is .
The Vaults pub offers French style , in the riverside area . \n END START Café restaurant .
is over £ 30 . Sicilia is a fast food restaurant are is sited in the city center .
\n END START Near Café Sicilia is a fast food restaurant are The Punter located in City center .
On the river near Café Sicilia is a fast food restaurant are The Golden Curry . Kids center .
. \n END START Green Sicilia is a fast food restaurant are the riverside in the higher center .
\n END START The Green Sicilia is a fast food restaurant are the river and All Bar center .
\n END START Near Clare Sicilia is a fast food restaurant are named Bibimbap House in city center .
your UNK to UNK . Sicilia is a fast food restaurant are poorly UNK in the city center .
food . \n END START Sicilia is a fast food restaurant are a short distance from City center .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine there is a place called The Wrestlers that offers less than £ 20 Italian food and is by the river side . Kids family friendly
Near Raja Indian Cuisine there is a restaurant called The Wrestlers that offers less than £ 20 Italian food and is by the river side . Kids not friendly
Near Raja Indian Cuisine there is a place called The Wrestlers that offers less than £ 20 Italian food and is by the river side . Kids are UNK
Near Raja Indian Cuisine there is a place called The Wrestlers that offers less than £ 20 Italian food and is by the river side . Kids are not
Near Raja Indian Cuisine there is a restaurant named The Wrestlers that offers less than £ 20 Italian food and is by the river side . Kids END START
Near Raja Indian Cuisine there is a restaurant called The Wrestlers that offers less than £ 20 Italian food and is by the river side . Kids END START
Near Raja Indian Cuisine there is a restaurant called The Wrestlers that offers less than £ 20 Italian food and is by the river side . Kids END START
Near Raja Indian Cuisine there is a restaurant called The Wrestlers that offers less than £ 20 Italian food and is by the river side . Kids END START
The Phoenix is a pub situated right by the river . The shop offers a range of snacks , wine and coffee . The Phoenix offers the food this boasts a 3 out of 5 stars . The Phoenix is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Phoenix is a pub situated right by the river . The shop offers a range of snacks , wine and coffee . The Phoenix is a fast food score a 3 out of 5 stars . The Phoenix is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Phoenix is a pub situated right by the river . The shop offers a range of snacks , wine and coffee . The Phoenix also is a coffee shop a 3 out of 5 stars . The Phoenix is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Phoenix is a pub situated right by the river . The shop offers a range of snacks , wine and coffee . The Phoenix - priced UNK shop scores a 3 out of 5 stars . The Phoenix is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Phoenix is a pub situated right by the river . This establishment offers a range of snacks , wine and coffee . The Phoenix START Taste of Cambridge is a 3 out of 5 stars . The Phoenix is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Phoenix is a pub situated right by the river . This establishment offers a range of snacks , wine and coffee . The Phoenix START There is a family a 3 that offers Indian stars . The Phoenix is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Phoenix is a pub situated right by the river . The establishment offers a range of snacks , wine and coffee . The Phoenix has customers - give here a 3 out of 5 stars . The Phoenix is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Phoenix is a pub situated right by the river . The shop offers a range of snacks , wine and coffee . The Phoenix is UNK the this shop a 3 out of 5 stars . The Phoenix is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Mill restaurant is located east of Café Rouge . It is a low priced , and not family - friendly .
The Mill restaurant is located east of Café Rouge . It is a reasonably priced , and not family - friendly .
The Mill restaurant is located east of Café Rouge . It is high - priced , and not family - friendly .
The Mill restaurant is located east of Café Rouge . It is low - priced , and not family - friendly .
The Mill restaurant is located east of Café Rouge . It is low - priced , and not family - friendly .
The Mill restaurant is located east of Café Rouge . It is a low priced , and not family - friendly .
The Mill restaurant is located east of Café Rouge . It specializes in - priced , and not family - friendly .
The Mill restaurant is located east of Café Rouge . It sell low - priced , and not family - friendly .
Blue Spice is a high price range restaurant located in the City which serves English food and Loch Fyne is be kid friendly .
Blue Spice is a family friendly restaurant \n END START Loch Fyne which serves English food and the price to be kid friendly .
Blue Spice is a low - priced restaurant located in riverside , which serves English food and UNK , to be kid friendly .
Blue Spice is a moderately priced restaurant in the heart of city which serves English food and is UNK to be kid friendly .
Blue Spice is a high customer rating , located on the riverside which serves English food and this place to be kid friendly .
Blue Spice is a restaurant of high price near The Portland Arms which serves English food and yes , it be kid friendly .
Blue Spice is a cheap restaurant \n END START There is restaurant which serves English food and Loch Fyne might be kid friendly .
Blue Spice is a cheap please the UNK and for a place which serves English food and the restaurant will be kid friendly .
yes it with friends have children . the Indian food , called The Wrestlers , although has a high price range , and near the Raja Indian Cuisine near the city centre is a pub but quite expensive at more than £ 30 ,
yes it is friendly have children . The French food , called The Wrestlers , although has a low consumer rating , \n END START Raja Indian Cuisine near the city centre is a pub but quite expensive at more than £ 30 ,
yes it does not have children . The price food , called The Wrestlers , although has high rating . \n , START Located near Raja Indian Cuisine near the city centre is a pub but quite expensive at more than £ 30 ,
yes it does being have children . Serving French food , called The Wrestlers , although has a high price range , \n END START Raja Indian Cuisine near the city centre is a pub but quite expensive at more than £ 30 ,
yes it is not have children . has Fast food , called The Wrestlers , although has a cheap price range , \n END START Raja Indian Cuisine near the city centre is a pub but quite expensive at more than £ 30 ,
yes it welcomes they have children . There Fast food , called The Wrestlers , although has UNK UNK of food , UNK . Near Raja Indian Cuisine near the city centre is a pub but quite expensive at more than £ 30 ,
yes it a place have children . The fast food , called The Wrestlers , although has provide a high price , which just by Raja Indian Cuisine near the city centre is a pub but quite expensive at more than £ 30 ,
yes it 's good have children . Serving Japanese food , called The Wrestlers , although has an average rating between , \n END START Raja Indian Cuisine near the city centre is a pub but quite expensive at more than £ 30 ,
The Vaults is a coffee shop that is near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre . They serve Japanese food that costs less than £ 20 and have a low customer rating .
The Vaults is \n END START The Wrestlers near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre . They serve French food that costs less than £ 20 and have a low customer rating .
The Vaults is a coffee shop that is near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre . They serve Japanese food that costs less than £ 20 and have a low customer rating .
The Vaults is a family friendly coffee shop near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre . They serve Japanese food that costs less than £ 20 and have a low customer rating .
The Vaults is UNK expensive coffee shop located near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre . They serve Japanese food that costs less than £ 20 and have a low customer rating .
The Vaults is a family friendly coffee shop near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre . They serve French food that costs less than £ 20 and have a low customer rating .
The Vaults is END START The Wrestlers is near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre . They serve French food that costs less than £ 20 and have a low customer rating .
The Vaults is a family friendly coffee shop near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre . They serve Japanese food that costs less than £ 20 and have a low customer rating .
UNK and Welcome to The Punter , we serve the UNK Italian food around and have an average UNK rating this is very good for a restaurant we are near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and our area is the riverside our price range is very cheap for such good food at the UNK we are not family - friendly .
END START Welcome to The Punter , we serve the UNK Italian food around and have an average customer rating this is very good for a restaurant we are near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and our area is the riverside our price range is very cheap for such good food at the UNK we are not family - friendly .
are UNK Welcome to The Punter , we serve the UNK Italian food around and have an average customer rating this is very good for a restaurant we are near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and our area is the riverside our price range is very cheap for such good food at the UNK we are not family - friendly .
\n price Welcome to The Punter , we serve the UNK Italian food around and have an average customer rating this is very good for a restaurant we are near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and our area is the riverside our price range is very cheap for such good food at the UNK we are not family - friendly .
UNK and welcome to The Punter , we serve the UNK Italian food around and have an average customer rating this is very good for a restaurant we are near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and our area is the riverside our price range is very cheap for such good food at the UNK we are not family - friendly .
UNK popular welcome to The Punter , we serve the UNK Italian food around and have an average customer rating this is very good for a restaurant we are near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and our area is the riverside our price range is very cheap for such good food at the UNK we are not family - friendly .
and UNK welcome to The Punter , we serve the UNK Italian food around and have an average customer rating this is very good for a restaurant we are near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and our area is the riverside our price range is very cheap for such good food at the UNK we are not family - friendly .
and at welcome to The Punter , we serve the UNK Italian food around and have an average customer rating this is very good for a restaurant we are near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and our area is the riverside our price range is very cheap for such good food at the UNK we are not family - friendly .
Close also a wine , UNK you . It has really menu view .
Close to Clare Hall , Bibimbap House . Wine is an average price .
Close friendly coffee shop , is Giraffe . Right next to The Bakers .
Close , child friendly , located food . The customer rating are average .
Close serves Chinese food , environment children . UNK , the customer rating .
Close Wrestlers sells high , fast food . Customers rate it as average .
Close open to UNK , I friendly . out UNK ' UNK , .
Close is a open , the kids . It has an average rating .
In the heart of town near Burger King , is a coffee shop called The Vaults . They offer a family - friendly environment , good food , and UNK , at a low cost .
In the heart of town near Café Rouge , is a pub named The Plough Vaults . They offer a family - friendly environment , good food , cheeses , UNK for a low cost .
In the heart of town near the Burger King is a coffee shop called The Vaults . They offer a family - friendly environment , good food , and UNK , at a low cost .
In the heart of town near Burger King there is a coffee shop named The Vaults . They offer a family - friendly environment , good food , and really food , a low cost .
In the heart of town near Burger King there is a coffee shop called The Vaults . They offer a family - friendly environment , good food , and have given it a low cost .
In the heart of town near Burger King , is a coffee shop called The Vaults . They offer a family - friendly environment , good food , and UNK , it a low cost .
In the heart of town near Burger King , is a coffee shop called The Vaults . They offer a family - friendly environment , good food , UNK such , and a low cost .
In the heart of town near Burger King , is a coffee shop called The Vaults . They offer a family - friendly environment , good food , and taste , at a low cost .
Found near Crowne Plaza Hotel , Clowns is a pub with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
Found near Crowne Plaza Hotel , Clowns is a pub with a low rating . \n END START Strada .
Found near Crowne Plaza Hotel , Clowns is a pub with low customer rating \n END START Wildwood prices .
Found near Crowne Plaza Hotel , Clowns is a pub with a high rating , offers a Riverside family .
Found near Crowne Plaza Hotel , Clowns is a pub with a low rating \n END START Browns Cambridge .
Found near Crowne Plaza Hotel , Clowns is a pub with an average rating by UNK good of UNK .
Found near Crowne Plaza Hotel , Clowns is a pub with an average rating of 3 . \n END .
Found near Crowne Plaza Hotel , Clowns is a pub with a low rating that is not kid friendly .
END START Strada is a pub located by the river , near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café . But is not child friendly .
UNK , which is a pub located by the UNK , near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It is not child friendly .
END START Strada is a pub located by a UNK , near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café . Strada is not child friendly .
START The Waterman is a pub located by City centre , near the River of Café . But is not child friendly .
END START There is a pub located by the river , near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café . Strada is not child friendly .
Taste of Cambridge is a pub located by the riverside , near the Crowne Plaza Café . It is not child friendly .
The Golden Palace is a pub located by the riverside , near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It is not child friendly .
END START Strada is a pub located by City Centre , near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café . UNK is not child friendly .
Giraffe is a fast food , kid friendly restaurant in the riverside area , near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
Giraffe is a fast food , kid friendly located in the riverside area , near The Portland Arms .
Giraffe is a fast food , kid friendly restaurant in the riverside area , near for Browns Cambridge .
Giraffe is a fast food , kid friendly restaurant in the riverside area , near All Bar One .
Giraffe is a fast food , kid friendly restaurant in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
Giraffe is a fast food , kid friendly eatery in the riverside area , near the Browns Cambridge .
Giraffe is a fast food , kid friendly restaurant in the riverside area , near The Rice Boat .
Giraffe is a fast food , kid friendly restaurant in the riverside area , near All Bar One .
The child friendly Fast food pub named The Phoenix is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine \n END START The Wrestlers in moderate price range .
The child friendly Fast food pub named The Phoenix is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside . It is in the price range .
The child friendly Fast food pub named The Phoenix is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine \n END START The Waterman in moderate price range .
The child friendly Fast food pub named The Phoenix , is near the Raja Indian Cuisine in city centre is in a high price range .
The child friendly Fast food pub named The Phoenix is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine . This coffee shop has a high price range .
The child friendly Fast food pub named The Phoenix is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine in , the riverside has a high price range .
The child friendly Fast food pub named The Phoenix , is near the Raja Indian Cuisine . It is also in the high price range .
The child friendly Fast food pub named The Phoenix is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine , coffee shop is in the high price range .
The Wrestlers is a high priced French restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre with \n END START Zizzi , a sushi child friendly
The Wrestlers is a high priced coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the City centre with \n END START UNK , Strada , child friendly
The Wrestlers is a high coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre with \n END START UNK , UNK must child friendly
The Wrestlers is a high price coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre with \n END START Zizzi , is a child friendly
The Wrestlers is a high end coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre with \n END START Cocum , is very child friendly
The Wrestlers is a high price French restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre with \n END START UNK , it is child friendly
The Wrestlers is a high priced restaurant located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre with \n END START UNK , UNK , child friendly
The Wrestlers is a high priced coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre with . \n END START , day , child friendly
\n , START The , is reasonably priced . Only near Raja Indian Cuisine , it 's not considered family friendly .
UNK , The Waterman , is reasonably priced . Located near Raja Indian food , it 's not considered family friendly .
shop , fast food , is reasonably priced . Situated near Raja Indian Cuisine , it 's not considered family friendly .
UNK , the UNK , is reasonably priced . Located near Raja Indian Cuisine , it 's not considered family UNK .
UNK , The Wrestlers , is reasonably priced . Situated near Raja Indian Cuisine , it 's not considered family friendly .
shop , The Wrestlers , is reasonably priced . Located near Raja Indian Cuisine , it 's not considered family friendly .
UNK , coffee shop , is reasonably priced . Found near Raja Indian Cuisine , it 's not considered family friendly .
UNK , the would , is reasonably priced . Located near Raja Indian Cuisine , it 's not considered family friendly .
The Punter is a 1 out of 5 stars Indian restaurant shop located near Burger King in the city centre . It is in the high price range , but is children friendly .
The Punter is a 1 out of 5 stars Indian restaurant . \n END START Fitzbillies is the city centre . It is in the high price range , but is children friendly .
The Punter is a 1 out of 5 stars Indian restaurant . The Waterman is located in the city centre . It is in the high price range , but is children friendly .
The Punter is a 1 out of 5 stars Indian restaurant shop located near Burger King in the city centre . It is in the high price range , but is children friendly .
The Punter is a 1 out of 5 stars Indian restaurant situated close to Burger King in the city centre . It is in the high price range , but is children friendly .
The Punter is a 1 out of 5 stars Indian restaurant located near the Burger King in the city centre . It is in the high price range , but is children friendly .
The Punter is a 1 out of 5 stars Indian restaurant coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre . It is in the high price range , but is children friendly .
The Punter is a 1 out of 5 stars Indian restaurant shop located near Burger King in the city centre . It is in the high price range , but is children friendly .
The Punter is a restaurant which serves Chinese food , located in the center of the city near the Raja Indian Cuisine . It serves Chinese food and is considered family friendly with a price range of less than 20 euros .
The Punter is a restaurant which serves Chinese coffee shop located in the center of the city , near Raja Indian Cuisine . It serves Chinese food and is considered family friendly with a price range of 20 - 25 pounds .
The Punter is a restaurant which serves Chinese food , located in the center of the city near the Raja Indian Cuisine . It is Chinese food and is considered family friendly with a price range of £ 20 - 25 .
The Punter is a restaurant which serves Chinese food , located in the center of the city near the Raja Indian Cuisine . It serves Chinese food and is considered family friendly with a price range of less than £ 20 .
The Punter is coffee shop which serves Chinese food , located in the center of the city , near Raja Indian Cuisine . It serves Chinese food and is considered family friendly with a price range of £ 30 or less .
The Punter is coffee shop which serves Chinese food , located in the center of the city near the Raja Indian Cuisine . It has Chinese food and is considered family friendly with a price range of less than £ 20 .
The Punter is a restaurant which serves Chinese coffee shop located in the center of the city , near Raja Indian Cuisine . It serves Chinese food and is considered family friendly with a price range of £ 20- £ 25 .
The Punter is a coffee which serves Chinese food , located in the center of the city , near Raja Indian Cuisine . It serves Chinese food and is considered family friendly with a price range of less than £ 20 .
Welcome to The Wrestlers , we are a restaurant . We 're family - friendly we serve fast food we are located in the city centre near the Raja Indian Cuisine .
Welcome to The Rice , we are a restaurant . We 're family - friendly we Italian food . we are located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Cuisine .
Welcome to The Wrestlers , we are a restaurant . We 're family - friendly we serve fast food we are located in the city centre near the Raja Indian Cuisine .
Welcome to The Wrestlers , we are a restaurant . We 're family - friendly we serve , and we are located in the city centre near the Raja Indian Cuisine .
Welcome to The Wrestlers , we are a restaurant . We 're family - friendly we serve fast food we are located in the city centre near the Raja Indian Cuisine .
Welcome to The Rice , we are a restaurant . We 're family - friendly we serve Italian and we are located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Cuisine .
Welcome to The Wrestlers , we are a restaurant . We 're family - friendly we serve sushi and we are located in the city centre near the Raja Indian Cuisine .
Welcome to The Cambridge , we are a restaurant . We 're family - friendly we serve fast food we are located in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Cuisine .
Welcome to The Phoenix , we are kid friendly . We 're a kid friendly Japanese food restaurant and we are located in the city centre near the popular Burger King .
Welcome to The Phoenix , we are children friendly . We 're in this friendly a UNK coffee and we are located in the city centre near the The Burger King .
Welcome to The Phoenix , we are Japanese food . We 're a 5 friendly rating the experience . we are located in the city centre near the UNK average cost .
Welcome to The Phoenix , we are fast food . We 're family - friendly , serve UNK , we are located in the city centre near the Raja Indian Cuisine .
Welcome to The Phoenix , we are not cheap . We 're Japanese food friendly UNK average UNK . we are located in the city centre near the UNK UNK UNK .
Welcome to The Phoenix , we are Fast food . We 're UNK expensive friendly UNK UNK UNK , we are located in the city centre near the Yippee Noodle Bar .
Welcome to The Phoenix , we are fast food . We 're family - friendly and our cheap . we are located in the city centre near the The is low .
Welcome to The Phoenix , we are Chinese food . We 're UNK this friendly rating is low and we are located in the city centre near the Yippee Noodle Bar .
Midsummer House is an English restaurant near Café Rouge with a high price rating of 1 out of 5 \n END .
The Punter is an English restaurant near Café Rouge with a high price range of 1 out of 5 , rating .
The Punter is an English restaurant near Café Rouge with a high price range . 1 out of 5 customers UNK .
START Wildwood is an English restaurant near Café Rouge with a high price . of 1 out of 5 \n END .
Midsummer House is an English restaurant near Café Rouge with a high price range of 1 out of 5 \n END .
Midsummer House is an English restaurant near Café Rouge with a high price . Rated 1 out of 5 \n END .
START Wildwood is an English restaurant near Café Rouge with a high price with rank 1 out of 5 \n END .
The Waterman is an English restaurant near Café Rouge with a high price and a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
