Near Express by Holiday Inn in riverside is The Rice Boat . They serve English food and it 's kid friendly .
Golden Curry near Café Rouge in riverside has an average rating . They serve English food and it 's kid friendly .
The Golden Curry is located in riverside area near Café Rouge . They serve English food and it 's kid friendly .
START a coffee shop Hotel in riverside , is Browns Cambridge . They serve English food and it 's kid friendly .
END START The Plough is in riverside pub near Café Rouge . They serve English food and it 's kid friendly .
A cheaply priced dining choice in riverside area is The Waterman . They serve English food and it 's kid friendly .
START The Waterman is located in riverside with average price range . They serve English food and it 's kid friendly .
food \n END START Located in riverside is The Twenty Two . They serve English food and it 's kid friendly .
There is an expensive coffee shop called The Phoenix that is family friendly in City Centre near Burger King .
There is a Chinese food restaurant called The Phoenix that is family friendly in the price range is cheap .
There is a low priced range restaurant The Phoenix that is family friendly in \n END START Wildwood is .
There is a French coffee shop named The Phoenix that is family friendly in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine .
There is a small UNK restaurant called The Phoenix that is family friendly in 3 out of 5 stars .
There is a low - priced restaurant The Phoenix that is family friendly in city centre . \n END .
There is a cheap Italian restaurant named The Phoenix that is family friendly in has a 3 star rating .
There is a mid - priced restaurant The Phoenix that is family friendly in City centre . Burger King .
The Portland Arms . \n END START Blue Spice in the city centre area . It serves menu is in the moderate price range and is child friendly
The of 5 . \n END START Alimentum is in the city centre area . It serves Japanese food in the moderate price range and is child friendly
The Waterman serves Japanese food . They are found in the city centre area . It is a restaurant in the moderate price range and is child friendly
The Fitzbillies and is a coffee shop is located in the city centre area . It offers Japanese food in the moderate price range and is child friendly
The Rice Boat . \n END START Fitzbillies is in the city centre area . It serves Japanese food in the moderate price range and is child friendly
The Vegetarian Café \n END START Blue Spice is in the city centre area . It serves Fast food in the moderate price range and is child friendly
The END START The Waterman is a restaurant located in the city centre area . It offers French food in the moderate price range and is child friendly
The restaurant for a . The Olive Grove is in the city centre area . It serves Japanese food in the moderate price range and is child friendly
For under £ 20 , this coffee shop , located near Raja Indian Cuisine , delivers Japanese food in a riverside , family friendly environment .
For under £ 20 , this coffee shop , located near Raja Indian Cuisine , delivers Japanese food in a riverside , family friendly environment .
For under £ 20 , The Wrestlers restaurant , located near Raja Indian Cuisine , delivers Japanese food in a riverside , family friendly environment .
For under £ 20 , , The Wrestlers , located near Raja Indian Cuisine , delivers Japanese food in a riverside , family friendly environment .
For a £ menu , The Olive Grove , located near Raja Indian Cuisine , delivers Japanese food in a riverside , family friendly environment .
For under £ 20 , START The Wrestlers , located near Raja Indian Cuisine , delivers Japanese food in a riverside , family friendly environment .
For under £ 20 , visit The Wrestlers , located near Raja Indian Cuisine , delivers Japanese food in a riverside , family friendly environment .
For under £ 20 , The Wrestlers coffee , located near Raja Indian Cuisine , delivers Japanese food in a riverside , family friendly environment .
Giraffe END START fast food a fast food coffee shop in riverside . They are not family - friendly .
Giraffe specializes UNK fast food . \n END START Japanese in riverside . They are not family - friendly .
Giraffe UNK your fast food , coffee shop Fitzbillies UNK in riverside . They are not family - friendly .
Giraffe is a fast food restaurant named The Waterman located in riverside . They are not family - friendly .
Giraffe , great fast food , UNK a why choice in riverside . They are not family - friendly .
Giraffe START A fast food place , and is located in riverside . They are not family - friendly .
Giraffe is a fast food restaurant . They are located in riverside . They are not family - friendly .
Giraffe UNK up fast food for less than £ 20 in riverside . They are not family - friendly .
An English serving child friendly eatery . \n END START An UNK enjoy of The
An English serving child friendly restaurant \n END START Zizzi pub has fruit menu .
An English serving child friendly pub with a high customer rating Zizzi \n END START
An English serving child friendly . \n END START The Golden Curry is a restaurant
An English serving child friendly food experience , 1 out of 5 , riverside 5of5
An English serving child friendly over £ 30 is Loch Fyne . \n END START
An English serving child friendly restaurant . \n END START The Golden Curry is a
An English serving child friendly near Ranch with a high customer rating . \n END
is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café , a Fast food service , kid friendly , and situated riverside called UNK .
UNK near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café , a Fast UNK from UNK kid friendly , and situated riverside called Strada .
restaurant near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café , a Fast food , is kid friendly , and situated riverside called Strada .
is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café , a Fast food , not kid friendly , and situated riverside called many .
UNK near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café , a Fast nice E20 , family friendly , and situated riverside called Strada .
UNK near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café , a Fast food , kid - friendly , and situated riverside called UNK .
START near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café , a Fast - rated , kid friendly , and situated riverside called Strada .
is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café , a Fast food venue which is friendly , and situated riverside called average .
you are looking for quality English food and are in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine , check out The Mill pub This cheap eats - just do UNK bring your kids .
UNK . \n END START English food and are in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine , check out The Mill pub . cheap eats - just do UNK bring your kids .
UNK for you UNK UNK English food and are in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine , check out The Mill pub . cheap eats - just do UNK bring your kids .
friendly \n END START For English food and are in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine , check out The Mill pub A cheap eats - just do UNK bring your kids .
. for we have great English food and are in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine , check out The Mill pub a cheap eats - just do UNK bring your kids .
END START For moderately priced English food and are in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine , check out The Mill pub shop cheap eats - just do UNK bring your kids .
END START For restaurant UNK English food and are in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine , check out The Mill pub for cheap eats - just do UNK bring your kids .
shop UNK to some UNK English food and are in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine , check out The Mill pub a cheap eats - just do UNK bring your kids .
The Punter is near The Portland Holiday \n END START The and is an Indian restaurant . It has a price range is high , it is children , and has an average customer rating .
The Punter is near Express by Holiday Inn \n END START and is an Indian restaurant . It has a price range is high , it is children , and has an average customer rating .
The Punter is near The Portland Holiday located in city centre and is an Indian restaurant . It has a price range is high , \n END START , Eagle has an average customer rating .
The Punter is near The Portland Holiday \n END START The and is an Indian restaurant . It has a price range is high , is kid friendly , and has an average customer rating .
The Punter is near The Portland Holiday \n END START The and is an Indian restaurant . It has a price range is high , kid friendly UNK , and has an average customer rating .
The Punter is near Express by Holiday Inn on the riverside and is an Indian restaurant . It has a price range is high , is children friendly , and has an average customer rating .
The Punter is near Express by Holiday Inn in Cambridge , and is an Indian restaurant . It has a price range is high , children friendly UNK , and has an average customer rating .
The Punter is near The Portland Holiday \n END START The and is an Indian restaurant . It has a price range is high , is kid friendly , and has an average customer rating .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine , Riverside , there is a Japanese coffee shop called UNK UNK UNK .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine , Riverside , there is a moderately priced coffee shop called The Wrestlers .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine , Riverside , there is a moderately priced Japanese restaurant called The Wrestlers .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine , Riverside , there is a family friendly French restaurant called The Wrestlers .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine , Riverside , there is a Japanese , coffee shop named The Wrestlers .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine , riverside , there is a coffee shop with a cheap price range .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine , riverside , there is a cheap , and - UNK coffee shop .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine , riverside , there is a child friendly , coffee shop i UNK .
Blue Spice is a UNK restaurant located in the riverside . It is family friendly is is rated cheap and on customers .
Blue Spice is an expensive establishment located in the riverside . It is family friendly is is rated low . \n END .
Blue Spice is new restaurant is located in the riverside . It is kids friendly is is in the moderate price range .
Blue Spice is high restaurant , located in the riverside . It is family friendly is is a UNK over 30 Euros .
Blue Spice is a beautiful restaurant located in the riverside . It is children friendly is is prices more than £ 30 .
Blue Spice , excellent great restaurant located in the riverside . It is kid friendly is is priced . \n END START .
Blue Spice is a coffee shop located in the riverside . It is family friendly is is priced near Raja Indian Cuisine .
Blue Spice is expensive Japanese restaurant located in the riverside . It END START friendly is is a cheap restaurant in riverside .
The coffee shop is child friendly and offers fast food priced on average at more than £ 30 . It is in the city centre area , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The coffee shop is child friendly and offers fast food priced on average at more than £ 30 . It is located in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The The Wrestlers is child friendly and offers fast food priced on average at more than £ 30 . It is located in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The coffee shop is child friendly and offers fast food priced on average at more than £ 30 . It is located in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The coffee shop is child friendly and offers fast food priced on average at more than £ 30 . It is located in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The coffee shop is child friendly and offers fast food priced on average at more than 30 euros . It is in the area of area , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The coffee shop is child friendly and offers fast food priced on average at more than 30 pounds . It is located in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The coffee shop is child friendly and offers fast food priced on average at more than £ 30 . It is located in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
For Italian food in a kids friendly environment , try The Waterman restaurant . less than £ 20 per head , It can be found in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine .
For Italian food in a kids friendly environment , try The Waterman restaurant . UNK for £ 20 - 25 , it can be found in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine .
For Italian food in a kids friendly environment , try The Waterman restaurant . For a less 20 £ 20 , it can be found in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine .
For Italian food in a kids friendly environment , try The Waterman restaurant . Prices range from 20 - 25 , and can be found in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine .
For Italian food in a kids friendly environment , try The Waterman restaurant . UNK between £ 20 - 25 , it can be found in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine .
For Italian food in a kids friendly environment , try The Waterman restaurant . prices range £ 20 - 25 , It can be found in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine .
For Italian food in a kids friendly environment , try The Waterman restaurant . \n END START 20 food fast , coffee can be found in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine .
For Italian food in a kids friendly environment , try The Waterman restaurant . For less than 20 pounds UNK , it can be found in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Mill is a fast restaurant located near Café Rouge with a price range between £ 20 - 25 . It has a high customer rating and is a coffee shop Cocum , but it is not kid friendly .
The Mill is a fast coffee shop near Café Rouge with a price range between £ 20 - 25 . It has a high customer rating and is located near Burger King , but it is not kid friendly .
The Mill is a fast food restaurant near Café Rouge with a price range between £ 20 - 25 . It has a high customer rating and is in the city centre , but it is not kid friendly .
The Mill is a fast coffee shop near Café Rouge with a price range between £ 20 - 25 . It has a high customer rating and is located near a good , but it is not kid friendly .
The Mill is a fast food restaurant near Café Rouge with a price range between £ 20 - 25 . It has a high customer rating and is located on UNK riverside , but it is not kid friendly .
The Mill is a fast coffee shop near Café Rouge with a price range between £ 20 - 25 . It has a high customer rating and is located near Café Sicilia , but it is not kid friendly .
The Mill is a fast food coffee shop Café Rouge with a price range between £ 20 - 25 . It has a high customer rating and is located near Burger King , but it is not kid friendly .
The Mill is a fast food pub near Café Rouge with a price range between £ 20 - 25 . \n END START A authentic rating and is , Cocum at Cotto , but it is not kid friendly .
Green Man is a restaurant serving Italian Food , it is located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn and END START The Rice friendly .
Green Man is a restaurant serving Italian food , It is located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn and is a kid - friendly .
Green Man is a restaurant serving English food , it is located in the riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn and is not kid - friendly .
Green Man is a restaurant serving Japanese food , It is located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn and is food a child friendly .
Green Man is a restaurant serving English food , It is located in the riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn and UNK establishment is kids friendly .
Green Man is a restaurant serving Italian food , It is located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn and Rice Boat a children friendly .
Green Man is a restaurant serving Italian food , it is located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn and is priced UNK child friendly .
Green Man is a restaurant serving Italian food , It is located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn and the price range is friendly .
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside is The Waterman . It is a friendly , Italian , and .
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside is The Waterman . Just a kid friendly , Italian , restaurant .
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine in child friendly The Waterman . \n END START friendly , Italian , near .
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine in will find The Waterman , a family - friendly , Italian , riverside .
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside is The Waterman . It has family friendly , Italian , and .
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside , The Waterman is a child - friendly , Italian , shop .
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside is The Waterman . UNK recently family friendly , Italian , and .
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside , The Waterman is a cheap family friendly , Italian , shop .
The Cricketers is a family - Friendly 5 out 5 rating near The Portland Arms . \n
The Cricketers is a family - Friendly 5 out 5 rating rating . \n END START Strada
The Cricketers is a family - Friendly 5 out 5 rating from cheap Italian . The Waterman
The Cricketers is a family - Friendly 5 out 5 rating customers , and Japanese food UNK
The Cricketers is a family - Friendly 5 out 5 rating customers UNK the coffee shop is
The Cricketers is a but - Friendly 5 out 5 rating . \n END START UNK ,
The Cricketers is a family - Friendly 5 out 5 rating restaurant \n END START Wildwood pub
The Cricketers is a children - Friendly 5 out 5 rating over near Ranch . \n END
The Mill is a higher priced , family friendly restaurant serving serves Japanese food . It is located near Café Rouge . .
The Mill is a higher priced , family friendly restaurant serving delicious Japanese food . It is located near the Café Rouge .
The Mill is a higher priced , family friendly restaurant serving authentic Japanese food . It is located near Café Rouge area .
The Mill is a higher priced , family friendly restaurant serving delicious French food . It is located near the city centre .
The Mill is a higher priced , family friendly restaurant serving pub style food . It is located near the Café Rouge .
The Mill is a higher priced , family friendly restaurant serving serves French food . It is located near the riverside Cuisine .
The Mill is a higher priced , family friendly restaurant serving delicious English food . It is located near the city centre .
The Mill is a higher priced , family friendly restaurant serving English style food . It is located near Café Rouge . .
The Waterman is restaurant which serves Japanese food . Not suitable for families , it is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine . It has a moderate price range .
The Waterman is restaurant which also serves Chinese . Not suitable for UNK , it is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine . It has a moderate price range .
The Waterman is restaurant which serves Indian Food . Not suitable for families , it is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine . It has a moderate price range .
The Waterman is restaurant which is higher priced . Not suitable for families , it is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine . \n END START moderate price range .
The Waterman is restaurant which UNK coffee Shop . Not suitable for families , it is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine . It has a moderate price range .
The Waterman is restaurant which serves fast food . Not suitable for families , it is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine . It has a moderate price range .
The Waterman is restaurant which serves Italian food . Not suitable for families , it is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine . It has a moderate price range .
The Waterman is restaurant which serves coffee shop . Not suitable for families , it is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine . It has a moderate price range .
The Boat is a high priced restaurant that serves Indian food in the city centre , near Express by Holiday Inn , it is child friendly and has an average customer rating .
The Boat is a high priced restaurant that serves Indian food in the city centre , near Express by Holiday Inn , it is child friendly and has an average customer rating .
The Boat is a high priced restaurant that serves Indian food in the city centre , near Express by Holiday Inn , it is child friendly and has an average customer rating .
The Boat is a high priced restaurant that serves Indian food in the city centre , near Express by Holiday Inn , it is child friendly and has an average customer rating .
The Boat is a high priced restaurant that serves Indian food in the riverside area , near Express by Holiday Inn , it is child friendly and has an average customer rating .
The Boat is a high priced restaurant that serves Indian food in the city centre , near Express by Holiday Inn , it is child friendly and has an average customer rating .
The Rice Boat a high priced restaurant that serves Indian food in the city centre , near Express by Holiday Inn , it is child friendly and has an average customer rating .
The Boat is a high priced restaurant that serves Indian food in the city centre , near Express by Holiday Inn , it is child friendly and has an average customer rating .
