END START Browns Cambridge is in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel . They serve English food and it 's kid friendly .
The Rice Boat is located in riverside \n END START Giraffe . They serve English food and it 's kid friendly .
START Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside is called Browns Cambridge . They serve English food and it 's kid friendly .
END START The Golden Curry in riverside customer rating is high . They serve English food and it 's kid friendly .
END START Alimentum is located in riverside price range is moderate . They serve English food and it 's kid friendly .
END START The Waterman is in riverside with moderate price range . They serve English food and it 's kid friendly .
START Green Man is located in riverside near All Bar One . They serve English food and it 's kid friendly .
\n END START A place in riverside , is Browns Cambridge . They serve English food and it 's kid friendly .
There is a high end expensive restaurant The Phoenix that is family friendly in \n END START Loch Fyne .
There is a 5 star cheap restaurant The Phoenix that is family friendly in \n END START Cheap love .
There is average . \n END START The Phoenix that is family friendly in the center of the city .
There is a cheap food restaurant called The Phoenix that is family friendly in has an average customer rating .
There is an expensive Japanese restaurant called The Phoenix that is family friendly in cheap . \n END START .
There is an average priced coffee shop The Phoenix that is family friendly in the heart of the city .
There is a low priced Japanese restaurant The Phoenix that is family friendly in the riverside . \n END .
There is a fast food restaurant named The Phoenix that is family friendly in the center of the city .
The \n END START The restaurant Alimentum is located in the city centre area . It serves Chinese food in the moderate price range and is child friendly
The . \n END START The Waterman is located in the city centre area . It offers Italian food in the moderate price range and is child friendly
The Fitzbillies is a poorly rated coffee shop located in the city centre area . It offers Japanese food in the moderate price range and is child friendly
The Portland Arms . \n END START Alimentum is in the city centre area . It serves Italian food in the moderate price range and is child friendly
The Eagle . \n END START The Waterman is in the city centre area . It serves Italian food in the moderate price range and is child friendly
The low rated coffee Shop Fitzbillies can be found in the city centre area . It offers fast food in the moderate price range and is child friendly
The END START The Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre area . It also serves UNK in the moderate price range and is child friendly
The \n END START The Olive Grove is located in the city centre area . It serves English food in the moderate price range and is child friendly
For under £ 20 , is The Wrestlers , located near Raja Indian Cuisine , delivers Japanese food in a riverside , family friendly environment .
For under £ 20 , a coffee shop , located near Raja Indian Cuisine , delivers Japanese food in a riverside , family friendly environment .
For under £ 20 , try The Wrestlers , located near Raja Indian Cuisine , delivers Japanese food in a riverside , family friendly environment .
For under £ 20 , a coffee shop , located near Raja Indian Cuisine , delivers Japanese food in a riverside , family friendly environment .
For than £ 20 , The Wrestlers restaurant , located near Raja Indian Cuisine , delivers Japanese food in a riverside , family friendly environment .
For high £ coffee , , The Wrestlers , located near Raja Indian Cuisine , delivers Japanese food in a riverside , family friendly environment .
For under £ 20 , The Wrestlers restaurant , located near Raja Indian Cuisine , delivers Japanese food in a riverside , family friendly environment .
For under £ 20 , try The Wrestlers , located near Raja Indian Cuisine , delivers Japanese food in a riverside , family friendly environment .
Giraffe is for fast food at the UNK , located in riverside . They are not family - friendly .
Giraffe is authentic fast food and UNK of Fitzbillies located in riverside . They are not family - friendly .
Giraffe pub offering fast food . \n END START French in riverside . They are not family - friendly .
Giraffe very expensive fast food . \n END START Alimentum in riverside . They are not family - friendly .
Giraffe START Alimentum fast food is available in class restaurant in riverside . They are not family - friendly .
Giraffe is a fast food restaurant with low prices located in riverside . They are not family - friendly .
Giraffe is a fast food coffee shop that is located in riverside . They are not family - friendly .
Giraffe END START fast food Aromi is a coffee shop in riverside . They are not family - friendly .
An English serving child friendly pub has a high customer rating . \n END START
An English serving child friendly and more than £ 30 . \n END START Strada
An English serving child friendly price range is very high . \n END START The
An English serving child friendly fast food . \n END START The Eagle a dishes
An English serving child friendly , less than £ 20 near The Bakers \n END
An English serving child friendly pub nearby The Giraffe . \n END START Browns Cambridge
An English serving child friendly place named The Golden Curry \n END START UNK The
An English serving child friendly Zizzi ; has a customer rating of 1 out of
is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café , a Fast rated 1 out of friendly , and situated riverside called There .
Located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café , a Fast restaurant , is UNK friendly , and situated riverside called Strada .
START near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café , a Fast , non family - friendly , and situated riverside called Strada .
is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café , a Fast food , not kid friendly , and situated riverside called Strada .
restaurant near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café , a Fast UNK UNK , family friendly , and situated riverside called Strada .
START near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café , a Fast customer rating is family friendly , and situated riverside called Strada .
is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café , a Fast customer rating and kid friendly , and situated riverside called Strada .
is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café , a Fast food , kid - friendly , and situated riverside called Strada .
END START If you like English food and are in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine , check out The Mill pub shop cheap eats - just do UNK bring your kids .
. \n END START For English food and are in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine , check out The Mill pub a cheap eats - just do UNK bring your kids .
If you 're looking for English food and are in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine , check out The Mill pub where cheap eats - just do UNK bring your kids .
a coffee shop atmosphere for English food and are in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine , check out The Mill pub This cheap eats - just do UNK bring your kids .
for a coffee shop serving English food and are in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine , check out The Mill pub This cheap eats - just do UNK bring your kids .
. \n END START For English food and are in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine , check out The Mill pub This cheap eats - just do UNK bring your kids .
\n END START For a English food and are in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine , check out The Mill pub . cheap eats - just do UNK bring your kids .
for a coffee shop of English food and are in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine , check out The Mill pub a cheap eats - just do UNK bring your kids .
The Punter is near Express by Holiday Inn in the city and is an Indian restaurant . It has a price range is high , is kid friendly , and has an average customer rating .
The Punter is near The Portland Holiday located on the riverside and is an Indian restaurant . It has a price range is high , \n END START , Strada has an average customer rating .
The Punter is near The Portland Holiday . \n END START and is an Indian restaurant . It has a price range is high , is kid friendly , and has an average customer rating .
The Punter is near The Portland Holiday \n END START The and is an Indian restaurant . It has a price range is high , is children friendly , and has an average customer rating .
The Punter is near The Portland Holiday . \n END START and is an Indian restaurant . It has a price range is high , is kid friendly , and has an average customer rating .
The Punter is near Café Sicilia Holiday \n END START The and is an Indian restaurant . It has a price range is high , children friendly , , and has an average customer rating .
The Punter is near Café Sicilia Holiday is child friendly , and is an Indian restaurant . It has a price range is high , it is no , and has an average customer rating .
The Punter is near Express by Holiday Inn . \n END and is an Indian restaurant . It has a price range is high , is kid friendly , and has an average customer rating .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine , riverside , there is a coffee shop named The Wrestlers with food .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine , Riverside , there is a child friendly , coffee shop called The .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine , riverside , there is a coffee shop called The Wrestlers which UNK .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine , riverside , there is a cheap coffee shop UNK for the family .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine , riverside , there is a cheap Italian coffee shop named The Wrestlers .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine , Riverside , there is a family - friendly restaurant named The Wrestlers .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine , Riverside , there is a moderately priced coffee shop offering Japanese food .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine , Riverside , there is a French UNK friendly named ' The Wrestlers .
Blue Spice is rather cheap and located in the riverside . It is family friendly is is poorly rated . \n END .
Blue Spice is a cheap restaurant located in the riverside . It is family friendly is is rated 5 out of 5 .
Blue Spice is highly rated and located in the riverside . It is child friendly is is in the higher price range .
Blue Spice is an UNK restaurant located in the riverside . It 's family friendly is is UNK that prices are low .
Blue Spice is low rated and located in the riverside . It is family friendly is is average costing under 20 pounds .
Blue Spice is an expensive restaurant located in the riverside . It is family friendly is is low at under 20 pounds .
Blue Spice is a cheap restaurant located in the riverside . It is family friendly is is a low customer rating . .
Blue Spice is a cheap restaurant located in the riverside . It is family friendly is is located in the riverside area .
The The Wrestlers is child friendly and offers fast food priced on average at more than £ 30 . It is in the area of area , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Wrestlers is is child friendly and offers fast food priced on average at more than £ 30 . It is located in the city area , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The coffee shop is child friendly and offers fast food priced on average at more than £ 30 . It is located in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The coffee shop is child friendly and offers fast food priced on average at more than £ 30 . It is located in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The coffee shop is child friendly and offers fast food priced on average at more than £ 30 . It is located in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Wrestlers is is child friendly and offers fast food priced on average at more than £ 30 . It is located in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The The Wrestlers is child friendly and offers fast food priced on average at more than £ 30 . It is located in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Wrestlers is is child friendly and offers fast food priced on average at more than £ 30 . It is located in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
For Italian food in a kids friendly environment , try The Waterman restaurant . \n END START 20 friendly French , shop can be found in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine .
For Italian food in a kids friendly environment , try The Waterman restaurant . less than £ 20 per head , it can be found in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine .
For Italian food in a kids friendly environment , try The Waterman restaurant . For less than 20 pounds pounds , it can be found in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine .
For Italian food in a kids friendly environment , try The Waterman restaurant . For between £ 20 - 25 , it can be found in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine .
For Italian food in a kids friendly environment , try The Waterman restaurant . For less than 20 pounds , , it can be found in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine .
For Italian food in a kids friendly environment , try The Waterman restaurant . For between £ 20 - 25 , it can be found in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine .
For Italian food in a kids friendly environment , try The Waterman restaurant . price from £ 20 - 25 , It can be found in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine .
For Italian food in a kids friendly environment , try The Waterman restaurant . UNK for £ 20 - 25 , it can be found in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Mill is a fast coffee shop near Café Rouge with a price range between £ 20 - 25 . It has a high customer rating and is located in the city , but it is not kid friendly .
The Mill is a fast food pub near Café Rouge with a price range between £ 20 - 25 . \n END START Cocum 's rating and is 3 out of 5 , but it is not kid friendly .
The Mill is a fast food coffee shop Café Rouge with a price range between £ 20 - 25 . It has a high customer rating and is located near Café Sicilia , but it is not kid friendly .
The Mill is a fast food coffee near Café Rouge with a price range between £ 20 - 25 . They have a high customer rating and is END START The Waterman , but it is not kid friendly .
The Mill is a fast coffee shop near Café Rouge with a price range between £ 20 - 25 . It has a high customer rating and is located at the riverside , but it is not kid friendly .
The Mill is a fast coffee shop near Café Rouge with a price range between £ 20 - 25 . It has a high customer rating and is located on the riverside , but it is not kid friendly .
The Mill is a fast coffee shop near Café Rouge with a price range between £ 20 - 25 . It has a high customer rating and is UNK a UNK UNK , but it is not kid friendly .
The Mill is a fast food coffee shop Café Rouge with a price range between £ 20 - 25 . It has a high customer rating and is located near Café Sicilia , but it is not kid friendly .
Green Man is a restaurant serving Italian food , They are located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn and are not kid - friendly .
Green Man is a restaurant serving Italian food , It is located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn and There price range is friendly .
Green Man is a restaurant serving Japanese Food , it is located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn and It is not child friendly .
Green Man is a restaurant serving Italian food , it is located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn and is low price family friendly .
Green Man is a restaurant serving French food , it is situated in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn and isn ' t child friendly .
Green Man is a restaurant serving Italian food , It is located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn and \n END START Cheap friendly .
Green Man is a restaurant serving English food , It is located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn and has a high customer friendly .
Green Man is a restaurant serving Japanese food , It is located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn and is not family - friendly .
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside is The Waterman . It is family friendly , Italian , and .
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine in END START The Waterman , is a family friendly , Italian , place .
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside is The Waterman . It is children friendly , Italian , food .
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside is The Waterman . They are kids friendly , Italian , UNK .
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside is The Waterman , a child - friendly , Italian , shop .
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside is The Waterman . It is kid friendly , Italian , shop .
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside , The Waterman offers a child - friendly , Italian , experience .
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine in END START The Waterman is a family - friendly , Italian , riverside .
The Cricketers is a family - Friendly 5 out 5 rating pub near Ranch \n END START
The Cricketers is a family - Friendly 5 out 5 rating near the Ranch \n END START
The Cricketers is a family - Friendly 5 out 5 rating rating restaurant . \n END START
The Cricketers is a children - Friendly 5 out 5 rating pub near Ranch . \n END
The Cricketers is a family - Friendly 5 out 5 rating near the Ranch . \n END
The Cricketers is a family - Friendly 5 out 5 rating restaurant that serves Japanese food \n
The Cricketers is a family - Friendly 5 out 5 rating near the Ranch . \n END
The Cricketers is a family - Friendly 5 out 5 rating customer rating . \n END START
The Mill is a higher priced , family friendly restaurant serving fantastic Chinese food . It is located near a riverside area .
The Mill is a higher priced , family friendly restaurant serving serves Japanese food . It is located near the Café Rouge .
The Mill is a higher priced , family friendly restaurant serving serves French food . It is located near Café Rouge . .
The Mill is a higher priced , child friendly restaurant serving serves French food . It is located near the Café Rouge .
The Mill is a higher priced , family friendly restaurant serving Japanese style food . It is located near the Café Rouge .
The Mill is a higher priced , family friendly restaurant serving in Japanese food . It is located near the city centre .
The Mill is a higher priced , family friendly restaurant serving Japanese style food . It is located near Café Rouge . .
The Mill is a higher priced , family friendly restaurant serving serves English food . It is located near Café Rouge . .
The Waterman is restaurant which - friendly coffee . Not suitable Fast food , it is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine . It has a moderate price range .
The Waterman is restaurant which serves Italian food . Not suitable for families , it is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine . It has a moderate price range .
The Waterman is restaurant which serves fast food . Not suitable for families , it is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine . \n END START moderate price range .
The Waterman is restaurant which serves Italian Food . Not suitable kid friendly , it is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine . It has a moderate price range .
The Waterman is restaurant which serves Japanese food . Not suitable for families , it is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine . It has a moderate price range .
The Waterman is restaurant which serves Italian Food . Not suitable kid friendly , it is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine . It has a moderate price range .
The Waterman is restaurant which serves Italian food . Not suitable for families , it is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine . It has a moderate price range .
The Waterman is restaurant which a coffee shop . Not suitable for UNK , it is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine . It has a moderate price range .
The Boat is a high priced restaurant that serves Indian food in the city centre , near Express by Holiday Inn , it is child friendly and has an average customer rating .
The Boat is a high priced restaurant that serves Indian food in the city centre , near Express by Holiday Inn , it is child friendly and has an average customer rating .
The Boat is a high priced restaurant that serves Indian food in the city centre , near Express by Holiday Inn , it is child friendly and has an average customer rating .
The Boat is a high priced restaurant that serves Indian food in the city centre , near Express by Holiday Inn , it is child friendly and has an average customer rating .
The Boat is a high priced restaurant that serves Indian food in the city centre , near Express by Holiday Inn , it is child friendly and has an average customer rating .
The Boat is a high priced restaurant that serves Indian food in the city centre , near Express by Holiday Inn , it is child friendly and has an average customer rating .
The Boat is a high priced restaurant that serves Indian food in the city centre , near Express by Holiday Inn , it is child friendly and has an average customer rating .
The Boat is a high priced restaurant that serves Indian food in the city centre , near Express by Holiday Inn , it is child friendly and has an average customer rating .
