5 stars coffee Shop is a cheap restaurant serving Fast food . It is located riverside more It , well sells .
END START Bibimbap House is a cheap restaurant serving Fast food . It is located near Clare Hall in City centre .
END START The Wrestlers is a cheap restaurant serving Fast food . It is located 5 out of 5 by customers .
END START Bibimbap House is a cheap restaurant serving Fast food . It is located in city centre near Clare Hall .
END START The Plough is a cheap restaurant serving Fast food . It is located near Café Rouge . Even grub .
\n END START Alimentum is a cheap restaurant serving Fast food . It is located in the centre of the city .
5 5 the Alimentum is a cheap restaurant serving Fast food . It is located in the river . \n END .
END START Green Man is a cheap restaurant serving Fast food . It is located in riverside near All Bar One .
Located in the city centre . near All Bar King , The Cricketers serves coffee and Chinese food for a price range of £ 20 - 25 . It is a non children friendly area and it has a high customer rating .
Located in the priced area . near All Bar King , The Cricketers serves coffee and Chinese food for a price range of £ 20 - 25 . It is a non children friendly area and it has a high customer rating .
Located in the riverside area . near All Bar One , The Cricketers serves coffee and Chinese food for a price range of £ 20 - 25 . It is a non children friendly area and it has a high customer rating .
Located in the riverside area . near All Bar King , The Cricketers serves coffee and Chinese food for a price range of £ 20 - 25 . It is a non children friendly area and it has a high customer rating .
Located in the riverside area . near All Bar One , The Cricketers serves coffee and Chinese food for a price range of £ 20 - 25 . It is a non children friendly area and it has a high customer rating .
Located in the riverside area . near All Bar King , The Cricketers serves coffee and Chinese food for a price range of £ 20 - 25 . It is a non children friendly area and it has a high customer rating .
Located in the riverside area . near All Bar King , The Cricketers serves coffee and Chinese food for a price range of £ 20 - 25 . It is a non children friendly area and it has a high customer rating .
Located in the city centre . near All Bar King , The Cricketers serves coffee and Chinese food for a price range of £ 20 - 25 . It is a non children friendly area and it has a high customer rating .
The Waterman ; a high rated pub located on the riverside near to restaurant UNK customers UNK . It has a mid - level price range and is not children friendly .
The Plough is a high rated pub located on the riverside near Café Rouge which serves Italian . It has a mid - level price range and is not children friendly .
The Waterman is a high rated pub located on the riverside near customers most taste of food . It has a mid - level price range and is not children friendly .
The Plough is a high rated pub located on the riverside near the Café Rouge \n END . Strada has a mid - level price range and is not children friendly .
The Eagle is a high rated pub located on the riverside near , near a Burger King . It has a mid - level price range and is not children friendly .
The Waterman is a high rated pub located on the riverside near within a average customer rating . It has a mid - level price range and is not children friendly .
The Phoenix is a high rated pub located on the riverside near of that offering English food . It has a mid - level price range and is not children friendly .
The Eagle is a high rated pub located on the riverside near of UNK UNK and really . Cocum has a mid - level price range that is not children friendly .
Near the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre is The Rice . which see offers Japanese pub that is family - friendly .
Near the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre you average find . Rice Boat as Japanese pub that is family - friendly .
Near the Express by Holiday Inn you could city try The Rice Boat . UNK spot a Japanese pub that is family - friendly .
Near the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre you will find . Rice Boat a Japanese pub that is family - friendly .
Near the Express by Holiday Inn , UNK city Rice Boat is cheap . It is rated Japanese pub that is family - friendly .
Near the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre The Rice Boat . It is a Japanese pub that is family - friendly .
Near the Express by Holiday Inn , is city : The Rice Boat . It serves UNK Japanese pub that is family - friendly .
Near the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre is Green Man . It is a Japanese pub that is family - friendly .
The Riverside Riverside , near Raja Indian Cuisine that has expensive , family friendly UNK UNK .
The Wrestlers coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine that has expensive , family friendly to eat .
The Wrestlers is UNK near Raja Indian Cuisine that has expensive , family friendly eating UNK .
The Wrestlers located is near Raja Indian Cuisine that has expensive , family friendly city centre .
The Wrestlers is next near Raja Indian Cuisine that has expensive , family friendly food UNK .
The Wrestlers is located near Raja Indian Cuisine that has expensive , family friendly UNK food .
The Wrestlers coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine that has expensive , family friendly \n END .
The Wrestlers is located near Raja Indian Cuisine that has expensive , family friendly eating UNK .
UNK including is a low priced family competitive UNK UNK with groups , near UNK range UNK .
Browns Cambridge is a low priced Italian coffee shop on a river , near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
restaurant UNK is a low priced \n END START The Golden Curry , near the city center .
The Plough is a low priced restaurant which is a for families , near to the UNK .
The Phoenix is a low priced spot where drink have great UNK , near the excellent UNK .
START Alimentum is a low priced English food restaurant on the riverside , near Yippee Noodle Bar .
UNK UNK is a low priced pub much UNK in City centre , near Yippee Noodle Bar .
START Cocum is a low priced 5 star coffee shop . Riverside , near UNK and UNK .
The Punter , a restaurant that that could Chinese food less than £ 20 , is located in the Riverside , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Punter , a restaurant that offers serving Chinese food less than £ 20 , it located in the city , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Punter , a restaurant that , has Chinese food less than £ 20 , is located in city centre , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Punter , a restaurant that that sells Chinese food less than £ 20 , and located in City Centre , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Punter , a restaurant that sells of Chinese food less than £ 20 , and is in city centre , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Punter , a restaurant that that serves Chinese food less than £ 20 , is is in the riverside , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Punter , a restaurant that that serves Chinese food less than £ 20 , It is in City Centre , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Punter , a restaurant that UNK in Chinese food less than £ 20 , and is in City Centre , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
There is a cheap family friendly pub coffee shop named The Wrestlers , they serve fast food , and are located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
There is a cheap family friendly pub , named The Wrestlers UNK , located in the riverside , and are located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
There is a cheap family friendly pub coffee shop named The Wrestlers , they are in riverside , and are located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
There is a cheap family friendly pub shop , called The Wrestlers , they serve in food , and are located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
There is a cheap family friendly pub coffee shop in City Centre , they serve a great , they are located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
There is a cheap family friendly pub shop , on the riverside , they serve fast food , they are located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
There is a cheap family friendly pub with an average loves Cocum , \n END The Wrestlers , they are located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
There is a cheap family friendly pub called The Wrestlers , served , they serve UNK food , they are located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
A family - friendly coffee got atmosphere . The Cricketers is located near Ranch and has an excellent UNK rating .
A family - friendly coffee \n known as The Cricketers is located near Ranch and has a low customer rating .
A family - friendly coffee \n END START The Cricketers is located near Ranch and has a low customer rating .
A family - friendly coffee \n END START The Cricketers is located near Ranch and has margin ratings as well .
A family - friendly coffee \n END START The Cricketers is located near Ranch and has a UNK Alimentum options .
A family - friendly coffee \n END START The Cricketers is located near Ranch and has a kid friendly environment .
A family - friendly coffee \n END START The Cricketers is located near Ranch and has a family friendly atmosphere .
A family - friendly coffee \n END START The Cricketers is located near Ranch and has a average family friendly .
A high priced restaurant serving fast food in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine , is The Phoenix . It is children friendly .
A high priced restaurant serving fast food in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine , is The Phoenix . UNK average children friendly .
A high priced restaurant serving fast food in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine , is The Phoenix . It is children friendly .
A high priced restaurant serving fast food in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine , is The Phoenix . It is children friendly .
A high priced restaurant serving fast food in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine , is The Phoenix . A is children friendly .
A high priced restaurant serving fast food in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine , is The Phoenix . A considered children friendly .
A high priced restaurant serving fast food in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine , is The Phoenix . It is children friendly .
A high priced restaurant serving fast food in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine , is The Phoenix . It is children friendly .
This non kid friendly restaurant called The Wrestlers , can be found near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre which offers Indian food at a high price range .
This non kid friendly restaurant called The Wrestlers , can be found near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre which serves fast food at a high price range .
This non kid friendly restaurant called The Wrestlers , can be found near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre which offers fast food at a high price range .
This non kid friendly restaurant called The Wrestlers , can be found near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre which offers fast food at a high price range .
This non kid friendly restaurant called The Wrestlers , can be found near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre which offers Japanese food at a high price range .
This non kid friendly restaurant called The Wrestlers , can be found near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre which offers fast food at a high price range .
This non kid friendly restaurant called The Wrestlers , can be found near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre which offers fast food at a high price range .
This non kid friendly restaurant called The Wrestlers , can be found near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre which provides fast food at a high price range .
The Wrestlers is located next to Raja Indian Cuisine . They are a pub UNK in food .
The Wrestlers is located next to Raja Indian Cuisine . They are a pub shop in Riverside .
The Wrestlers is located next to Raja Indian Cuisine . They are a pub - friendly option .
The Wrestlers is located next to Raja Indian Cuisine . They are a pub shop UNK UNK .
The Wrestlers is located close to Raja Indian Cuisine . They are a pub located in Riverside .
The Wrestlers is placed close to Raja Indian Cuisine . They are a pub shop style eatery .
The Wrestlers is located next to Raja Indian Cuisine . They are a pub - dining taste .
The Wrestlers is located near to Raja Indian Cuisine . They are a pub that includes friendly .
With one star The Wrestlers is a family friendly pub shop serving Italian food . It is situated in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine .
With one star The Wrestlers is a family friendly pub serving French coffee UNK . It is situated in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine .
With one star The Wrestlers is a family friendly pub shop providing French food . It is situated in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine .
With one star The Wrestlers is a family friendly pub offering serving French Food . It is situated in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine .
With one star The Wrestlers is a family friendly pub shop with great children . It is situated in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine .
With one star The Wrestlers is a family friendly pub shop serving Japanese food . It is situated in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine .
With one star The Wrestlers is a family friendly pub shop serving Japanese food . It is situated in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine .
With one star The Wrestlers is a family friendly pub shop serving French food . It is situated in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Phoenix is and as 5 star family the river . City 's bite .
The Phoenix is a 5 - star family place . \n END START 5of5 .
The Phoenix is an Italian coffee star family friend , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Phoenix is a Japanese five star family friendly friendly . \n END START .
The Phoenix is in the city star family where you will our get Indian .
The Phoenix is a 1 - star family Italian restaurant North of City centre .
The Phoenix is our new three star family and have a UNK , UNK .
The Phoenix is a five - star family friendly eatery that near City centre .
The Plough is a pub providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is near Café Rouge . . END START The Vaults Indian food .
The Plough is a pub providing Chinese food in the cheap price range . It is a Café Rouge better . Unfortunately like it is Indian , .
The Plough is a pub providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located near Café Rouge . \n END START Good Indian the .
The Plough is a pub providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located in Café Rouge . UNK START If UNK Indian food .
The Plough is a pub providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is not cheaper to children . and Café Rouge so Indian located .
The Plough is a pub providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is near Café Rouge adults . \n END START The Indian the .
The Plough is a pub providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is ideal for children . . END START Loch Fyne Indian food .
The Plough is a pub providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is near Café Rouge adults . \n END START UNK Indian Cotto .
The adult only French pub , The Plough , is located near Café Sicilia in riverside where you can eat for under £ 25 at \n END START Wildwood is rated place
The adult only French pub , The Plough , is located near Café Sicilia in riverside where you can eat for under £ 25 at head . \n END START rated place
The adult only French pub , The Punter , is located near Café Sicilia in riverside where you can eat for under £ 25 at despite coffee . \n END rated place
The adult only French pub , The Plough , is located near Café Sicilia in riverside where you can eat for under £ 25 at restaurant Fitzbillies is friends UNK rated place
The adult only French pub , The Plough , is located near Café Sicilia in riverside where you can eat for under £ 25 at person . \n END START rated place
The adult only French pub , The Plough , is located near Café Sicilia in riverside where you can eat for under £ 25 at person . \n END START rated place
The adult only French pub , The Plough , is located near Café Sicilia in riverside where you can eat for under £ 25 at \n END START The Plough rated place
The adult only French pub , The Plough , is located near Café Sicilia in riverside where you can eat for under £ 25 at meal . \n END START rated place
The Phoenix is an average Indian restaurant located in the city centre . The by Holiday high , and give 5of5 \n END START .
The Phoenix is an average Indian restaurant located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn , although has a low standard friendly .
The Phoenix is an average Indian restaurant located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn , \n END START Wildwood UNK food .
The Phoenix is an average Indian restaurant located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn , \n END START UNK prices pounds .
The Phoenix is an average Indian restaurant located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn , \n END START take - sits .
The Phoenix is an average Indian restaurant located in the city centre . UNK by Holiday Inn , this restaurant has an average prices .
The Phoenix is an average Indian restaurant located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn , however take - are not cheap .
The Phoenix is an average Indian restaurant located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn , \n END START a UNK rating .
There is a coffee shop located in riverside , near beautiful Sorrento .
There is a coffee shop The Punter that the spend on UNK .
There is a coffee shop right UNK Burger UNK at The Eagle .
There is a coffee shop where children UNK who at Wine UNK .
There is a coffee shop which offers Indian UNK Three UNK cheap .
There is a coffee shop across of are some fast food UNK .
There is a coffee shop with a 5 star rating named Cocum .
There is a coffee shop convenient full UNK class UNK The Cricketers .
The Mill is a child - friendly pub that offers fast food . It has a low customer rating , is located in Café Rouge , many many Sicilia , and is expensive .
The Mill is a child - friendly pub that offers fast food . It has a low customer rating , is located in Burger King , on the Sicilia , and is expensive .
The Mill is a kid - friendly pub that offers fast food . It has a low customer rating , is located in the riverside , nearby Café Sicilia , and is expensive .
The Mill is a family - friendly pub that offers fast food . It has a low customer rating , is located in the budget , Serving Café Sicilia , and is expensive .
The Mill is a family - friendly pub that offers fast food . It has a low customer rating , is located in city centre , near Café Sicilia , and is expensive .
The Mill is a family - friendly pub that offers fast food . It has a low customer rating , is located in City Centre , near Café Sicilia , and is expensive .
The Mill is a adults - friendly pub that offers fast food . It has a low customer rating , is located in the city , near Café Sicilia , and is expensive .
The Mill Curry is a - friendly pub that offers fast food . It has a low customer rating , is located in City Centre , near Café Sicilia , and is expensive .
The Vaults restaurant serves French for in the riverside area . Near Raja Indian Cuisine is UNK . Visit UNK .
The Vaults restaurant serves French for with a UNK spot . Near Raja Indian Cuisine not area . No UNK .
The Vaults restaurant serves French for in the Riverside UNK . Near Raja Indian Cuisine would UNK . UNK class .
The Vaults restaurant serves French for UNK that is restaurants . Near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside . UNK UNK .
The Vaults restaurant serves French for at that range prices . Near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside . \n END .
The Vaults restaurant serves French for at a price range . Near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside . have lunch .
The Vaults restaurant serves French for a 20 eat UNK . Near Raja Indian Cuisine not UNK . Join rage .
The Vaults restaurant serves French for less than £ 20 . Near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside . Great UNK .
Located near All Bar One , The Cricketers is a restaurant styled joint that sells Chinese food . This shop is known in the city centre , its high prices , family friendly atmosphere , and high ratings .
Located near All Bar One , The Cricketers is a restaurant styled joint that sells Chinese food . This shop is known at the city center , its high prices , family friendly atmosphere , and high ratings .
Located near All Bar One , The Cricketers is a restaurant styled joint that sells Chinese food . This shop is known in the city centre area its high prices , family friendly atmosphere , and high ratings .
Located near All Bar One , The Cricketers is a restaurant styled joint that sells Chinese food . This shop is known for the city centre , its high prices , family friendly atmosphere , and high ratings .
Located near All Bar One , The Cricketers is a restaurant styled joint that sells Chinese food . This shop is known in the city center and its high prices , family friendly atmosphere , and high ratings .
Located near All Bar One , The Cricketers is a restaurant styled joint that sells Chinese food . This shop is known in the city centre , its high prices , family friendly atmosphere , and high ratings .
Located near All Bar One , The Cricketers is a restaurant styled joint that sells Chinese food . This shop is known in the city center where its high prices , family friendly atmosphere , and high ratings .
Located near All Bar One , The Cricketers is a restaurant styled joint that sells Chinese food . This shop is known in the city centre , its high prices , family friendly atmosphere , and high ratings .
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café , by the riverside is a pub called The Blue Spice . It UNK UNK to some cost .
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café , by the riverside is a pub called The Blue Spice . It offers priced young well menu .
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café , by the riverside is a pub called The Blue Spice . It provides a moderate in price .
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café , by the riverside is a pub called The Blue Spice . It low prices . \n END .
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café , by the riverside is a pub called The Blue Spice . It is average . \n END .
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café , by the riverside is a pub called The Blue Spice . It has prices over 30 pounds .
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café , by the riverside is a pub called The Blue Spice . It is in the average range .
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café , by the riverside is a pub called The Blue Spice . It END START Cheap with Strada .
There 's a cheap , serving fast food named The Cricketers near to All Bar One . \n END START . It serves Chinese food and scored an average customer rating .
There 's a cheap , UNK rated Chinese restaurant The Cricketers near to All Bar One \n END START UNK . It serves Chinese food , has an average customer rating .
There 's a cheap , one - star restaurant The Cricketers near to All Bar One . \n END START . It serves Chinese food and has an average customer rating .
There 's a cheap , UNK expensive sits restaurant The Cricketers near to All Bar One \n END START Wildwood . It serves Chinese cuisine and has an average customer rating .
There 's a cheap , Bar - star restaurant The Cricketers near to All Bar One . \n END START . It serves Chinese food and has an average customer rating .
There 's a cheap , family friendly coffee shop The Cricketers near to All Bar King in the city centre . It serves Chinese food and has an average customer rating .
There 's a cheap , Fast food restaurant named The Cricketers near to All Bar One \n END START UNK . It serves Chinese food and has an average customer rating .
There 's a cheap , UNK and UNK names The Cricketers near to All Bar One . come for families . It serves Chinese food of has an average customer rating .
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a family friendly restaurant with a customer rating of five out of five \n END START .
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a family friendly restaurant with a customer rating of five out of five named Browns Cambridge .
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a family friendly restaurant with a customer rating of five out of five called The Cricketers .
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a family friendly restaurant with a customer rating of five out of five stars \n END .
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a family friendly restaurant with a customer rating of five out of five . Browns Cambridge .
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel , a family friendly restaurant with a customer rating of five out of five . \n END .
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a family friendly restaurant with a customer rating of five out of five . The Cambridge .
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a family friendly restaurant with a customer rating of five out of five is END START .
The Cambridge Blue is family pub that provides wine and spirits and UNK food items is inexpensive and close to Raja Café here .
The Waterman is a family pub that provides wine and spirits and UNK food items is inexpensive and close to Raja UNK Centre .
The Waterman restaurant is family pub that provides wine and spirits and UNK food items is inexpensive and close to Raja City Centre .
The that is a family pub that provides wine and spirits and UNK food items is inexpensive and close to Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Wrestlers restaurant is family pub that provides wine and spirits and UNK food items is inexpensive and close to Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Cambridge Blue and family pub that provides wine and spirits and UNK food items is inexpensive and close to Raja Café UNK .
The Wrestlers is a family pub that provides wine and spirits and UNK food items is inexpensive and close to Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Wrestlers has a family pub that provides wine and spirits and UNK food items is inexpensive and close to Raja Indian Cuisine .
\n END START The high priced , child friendly , Fast food eatery in Riverside , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
£ of to , high priced , The riverside , Fast food in coffee Shop , and Raja Indian Cuisine .
UNK There UNK is high priced , , UNK , Fast food . , Riverside , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Wrestlers is a high priced , kid UNK , Fast food , delicious one , UNK Raja Indian Cuisine .
are UNK to a high priced , coffee UNK , Fast food eatery in Riverside , nearby Raja Indian Cuisine .
drink UNK , , high priced , child friendly , Fast food , riverside riverside , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
\n END START A high priced , riverside UNK , Fast food is coffee shop , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
END START The Wrestlers high priced , child friendly , Fast food Café in Riverside , nearby Raja Indian Cuisine .
Blue Spice is a well - UNK pub in Riverside near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café .
Blue Spice is a low - priced pub in town near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café .
Blue Spice is a higher - priced pub in Riverside UNK the Rainbow Vegetarian Café .
Blue Spice is a highly rated , pub in riverside near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café .
Blue Spice is a The Golden Palace pub in riverside near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café .
Blue Spice is an average - priced pub in riverside near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café .
Blue Spice is an average rated budget pub in UNK . the Rainbow Vegetarian Café .
Blue Spice is a low - priced pub in UNK near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café .
The Vaults near Café Brazil located in the city centre is a pub the mature UNK for less than £ 20 . It is not family - friendly with a low customer rating .
The Vaults near Burger King and in the city centre is a pub providing Italian food for less than £ 20 . It is not family - friendly with a low customer rating .
The Vaults near END START UNK in the city centre is a pub offering Indian food for less than £ 20 . It is not family - friendly with a low customer rating .
The Vaults near Café Rouge Rouge in the city centre is a pub serving Italian food for less than £ 20 . It is not family - friendly with a low customer rating .
The Vaults near Café Sicilia priced in the city centre is a pub offering with food for less than £ 20 . It is not family - friendly with a low customer rating .
The Vaults near the Burger King in the city centre is a pub shop Japanese food for less than £ 20 . It is not family - friendly with a low customer rating .
The Vaults near to and UNK in the city centre is a pub shop providing food for less than £ 20 . It is not family - friendly with a low customer rating .
The Vaults near Café Bakers UNK in the city centre is a pub with Italian food for less than £ 20 . It is not family - friendly with a low customer rating .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia . Yes it is children friendly . It has an average price range .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia . Yes it is children friendly . It has an high price range .
The Cricketers is a coffee UNK near Café Sicilia . Yes it is children friendly . It has an average price range .
The Cricketers is a coffee ship near Café King . Yes it is children friendly . It has an average price rating .
The Cricketers is a Japanese Café near Café King . Yes it is children friendly . It has an average price food .
The Cricketers is a coffee UNK near Café Sicilia . Yes it is children friendly . It has an average review UNK .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia . Yes it is children friendly . It has an average customer rating .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia . Yes it is children friendly . It has an average price range .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving French food . It is children friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving Japanese food . It is children friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving Japanese food . It is children friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving Italian food . It is children friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near Burger Ranch . It is children friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving Japanese food . It is children friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop offering Japanese food . It is children friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near The Portland . It is children friendly and has a 3 out of 5 rating eatery .
The 5 out of 5 rated restaurant , The Phoenix , is located in City centre , near the Rainbow Vegetarian UNK . It is not family friendly , with cheap food and is served .
The 5 out of 5 rated restaurant , The Phoenix , is located at the city centre near the coffee shop UNK . It is not family friendly , with cheap Indian food at served .
The 5 out of 5 rated restaurant , The Phoenix , is located in river , provides near the UNK food UNK . It is not family friendly , with cheap eats river is served .
The 5 out of 5 rated restaurant , The Phoenix , is located in the coffee shop near the upper food UNK . It is not family friendly , with cheap food food is served .
The 5 out of 5 rated restaurant , The Phoenix , is located in the city center near the coffee shop UNK . It is not family friendly , with cheap food prices are served .
The 5 out of 5 rated restaurant , The Phoenix , is located near the Burger King near the city centre area . It is not family friendly , with cheap Chinese food is served .
The 5 out of 5 rated restaurant , The Phoenix , is located type great Indian food near the city centre area . It is not family friendly , with cheap , UNK is served .
The 5 out of 5 rated restaurant , The Phoenix , is located beside the river and near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It is not family friendly , with cheap and taste English served .
Wildwood is a pub providing Indian food It is located in the riverside . \n END START poorly the family .
Wildwood is a pub providing Indian food It is located in the riverside . UNK customer provided UNK a restaurant .
Wildwood is a pub providing Indian food It is located in the center . \n END START UNK serve restaurant .
Wildwood is a pub providing Indian food It is located in the riverside . \n END START The Rice Boat .
Wildwood is a pub providing Indian food It is located in the side . \n END START The is UNK .
Wildwood is a pub providing Indian food It is located in the convenient . \n END START Giraffe are restaurant .
Wildwood is a pub providing Indian food It is located in the city . UNK Its customer rating is low .
Wildwood is a pub providing Indian food It is located in the centre . UNK well rating is cheap average .
The Mill is a moderately priced pub near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre . It is not the type of place people bring some food .
The Mill is a moderately priced pub near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre . It is not the type of place people bring your UNK .
The Mill is a moderately priced pub near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre . It is not the type of place people bring UNK public .
The Mill is a moderately priced pub near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre . It is not the type of place people bring Indian food .
The Mill is a moderately priced pub near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre . It is not the type of place people bring UNK go .
The Mill is a moderately priced pub near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre . It is not the type of place people bring fast food .
The Mill is a moderately priced pub near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre . It is not the type of place people bring END START .
The Mill is a moderately priced pub near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre . It is not the type of place people bring Indian food .
The Punter is a high - priced coffee shop serving French food . It is child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . It is located near Express by Holiday Inn in Cambridge .
The Punter is a high - priced restaurant offering name fast food . It is family friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . It is located near Express by Holiday Inn restaurant UNK .
The Punter is a high - priced venue serving no style food . It is family friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . It is located near Express by Holiday Inn . centre .
The Punter is a high - priced restaurant that offers French food . It is child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . It is located near Express by Holiday Inn \n END .
The Punter is a high - priced coffee shop serving Italian food . It is family friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . It is located near Express by Holiday Inn \n END .
The Punter is a high - priced restaurant shop serving Japanese food . It is family UNK and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . It is located near Express by Holiday Inn \n END .
The Punter is a high - priced venue serving gourmet Indian food . It is family friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . It is located near Express by Holiday Inn in riverside .
The Punter is a high - priced , restaurant serving fast food . It is family friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . It is located near Express by Holiday Inn \n END .
The Vaults is a restaurant is located near Raja Indian Cuisine by the river . They are a cheap UNK range and is family friendly .
The Vaults is a restaurant is located near Raja Indian Cuisine by the river . They sell food items , UNK and is family friendly .
The Vaults is a restaurant is located near Raja Indian Cuisine by the river . They serve wine in food and they are family friendly .
The Vaults is a restaurant is located near Raja Indian Cuisine by the river . They END START Visit got prices low price family friendly .
The Vaults is a restaurant is located near Raja Indian Cuisine by the river . They offer average priced and UNK seeking UNK family friendly .
The Vaults is a restaurant is located near Raja Indian Cuisine by the river . They END START The Wrestlers coffee is not family friendly .
The Vaults is a restaurant is located near Raja Indian Cuisine by the river . They serve wine and UNK and are not family friendly .
The Vaults is a restaurant is located near Raja Indian Cuisine by the river . They sell UNK such , It is are family friendly .
The Cricketers is a family friendly restaurant that serves Chinese food with a price range of less than £ 20 and has a high customer rating . It is located near All Bar One in riverside area . \n END START .
The Cricketers is a family friendly restaurant that serves Chinese food with a price range of less than £ 20 and has a low customer rating . It is located near All Bar One in city centre . UNK see yourself .
The Cricketers is a family friendly restaurant that serves Chinese food with a price range of less than £ 20 and has a low customer rating . It is located near All Bar One in riverside area . It has been .
The Cricketers is a family friendly restaurant that serves Chinese food with a price range of less than £ 20 and has a low customer rating . It is located near All Bar One in City Centre . Midsummer House see .
The Cricketers is a family friendly restaurant that serves Chinese food with a price range of less than £ 20 and has a low customer rating . It is located near All Bar One in \n END . Midsummer Fyne restaurant .
The Cricketers is a family friendly restaurant that serves Chinese food with a price range of less than £ 20 and has a . riverside location . fine is located near All Bar One in friendly Offering . It is known .
The Cricketers is a family friendly restaurant that serves Chinese food with a price range of less than £ 20 and has a low cost rating . It is located near All Bar One in \n END . Green Man is .
The Cricketers is a family friendly restaurant that serves Chinese food with a price range of less than £ 20 and has no family fantastic atmosphere . it is located near All Bar One in riverside END . I service is .
A END START Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre area coffee shop sells French food moderate pricing and is not kids friendly .
A UNK near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre area makes also sells French food moderate pricing and is not kid friendly .
A located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre you will find some French food moderate pricing and is not kid friendly .
A experience near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre area coffee shop has French food moderate pricing and is family - friendly .
A Wrestlers is Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre . \n END START French food moderate pricing and is not family friendly .
A and near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre is The Wrestlers , French food moderate pricing and is also kid friendly .
A Located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre , The Wrestlers serves French food moderate pricing and is not kid friendly .
A coffee shop Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre called Fitzbillies , has French food moderate pricing and site family - friendly .
Customers rate Zizzi coffee shop , near UNK centre , average .
Customers rate Zizzi coffee shop , near The UNK , low .
Customers rate Zizzi coffee shop , near friendly in , UNK .
Customers rate Zizzi coffee shop , near UNK Adults , average .
Customers rate Zizzi coffee shop , near food such , UNK .
Customers rate Zizzi coffee shop , near Good UNK , average .
Customers rate Zizzi coffee shop , near the something , upper .
Customers rate Zizzi coffee shop , near UNK mind , and .
START There is a moderately - priced Italian restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine called The Wrestlers centre which is not kid friendly .
a Shop 'll a moderately - priced Italian restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in a city centre which is not kid friendly .
The Wrestlers is a moderately - priced Italian restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in the City centre which is not kid friendly .
The Wrestlers is a moderately - priced Italian restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine , and City centre which is not kid friendly .
Green Man is a moderately - priced Italian restaurant near All Indian One in the city centre which is not kid friendly .
\n END START a moderately - priced Italian restaurant near the Indian Cuisine , in City centre which is not kid friendly .
\n END START a moderately - priced Italian restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre which is not kid friendly .
\n END START a moderately - priced Italian restaurant near the Indian Cuisine in the city centre which is not kid friendly .
Near riverside and features a pricey rating , kid friendly , fast food restaurant The Waterman .
Near riverside and has welcoming 30 range , kid friendly , fast food chain both Alimentum .
Near riverside and coffee UNK , provide a kid friendly , fast food by a better .
Near riverside and low coffee coffee shop 's kid friendly , fast food is called Fitzbillies .
Near riverside and UNK coffee shop is a kid friendly , fast food venue called Aromi .
Near riverside and \n END START Visit the kid friendly , fast food place The UNK .
Near riverside and a UNK UNK - atmosphere kid friendly , fast food on Fitzbillies unfortunately .
Near riverside and Burger King is a so kid friendly , fast food UNK coffee shop .
Near All Bar One , lies a pub named Clowns and it is rated 3 out of 5 .
Near All Bar One there is a pub named Clowns and it is rated 3 out of 5 .
Near All Bar One , is a pub named Clowns and it is rated 3 out of 5 .
Near All Bar One there is a pub named Clowns and it is rated 3 out of 5 .
Near All Bar One , UNK a pub named Clowns and it is rated 3 out of 5 .
Near All Bar One , UNK a pub named Clowns and it is rated 3 out of 5 .
Near All Bar One it is a pub named Clowns and it is rated 3 out of 5 .
Near All Bar One there is a pub named Clowns and it is rated 3 out of 5 .
Near Café Raja \n END START UNK Riverside area is a kid - friendly pub with English food . It is the serve .
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area is a kid - friendly pub with Italian food . It is the UNK .
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine at restaurant , area is a kid - friendly pub with Italian food . It is the riverside .
Near riverside Raja \n END START City centre area is a kid - friendly pub with average prices . It is the place .
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the Riverside area is a kid - friendly pub with awesome price . It is the price .
Near the Raja Indian UNK in the riverside area is a kid - friendly pub with Japanese UNK . It is the name .
Near Café Raja \n END START START For area is a kid - friendly pub with Italian food . It is the fancy .
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine \n END START area is a kid - friendly pub with moderate prices . It is the Italian .
Serving Italian food , The Punter is a restaurant in the center of the city , near Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It has a moderate price range it is rated sits centre . Customers rate is 1 out of 5 .
Serving Italian food , The Punter is a restaurant in the center of the city , near Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It has a cheaply price area menu is kid - friendly . Customers rate is 1 out of 5 .
Serving Italian food , The Punter is a restaurant in the center of the city , near Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It has a high price range of is not child friendly . Customers rate is 1 out of 5 .
Serving Italian food , The Punter is a restaurant in the center of the city , near Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It has a moderate range menu , is kid - friendly . Customers rate is 1 out of 5 .
Serving Italian food , The Punter is a restaurant in the center of the city , near Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It has a moderate price range and is kid friendly age . Customers rate is 1 out of 5 .
Serving Italian food , The Punter is a restaurant in the center of the city , near Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It has UNK expensive price UNK and is kid - friendly . Customers rate is 1 out of 5 .
Serving Italian food , The Punter is a restaurant in the center of the city , near Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It has not Strada \n END START is sell Chinese food . Customers rate is 1 out of 5 .
Serving Italian food , The Punter is a restaurant in the center of the city , near Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It has a moderate price range and is friendly for friendly . Customers rate is 1 out of 5 .
The Cricketers is a fast food coffee shop with a high customer rating . It is located near the Café Sicilia .
The Cricketers is a average priced coffee shop with a high customer rating . UNK mind location near the Café Brazil .
The Cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating . It is located near the Café Sicilia .
The Cricketers is a higher priced coffee shop with a high customer Rating . It restrooms located near the Café Sicilia .
The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating . It is located near the Café Sicilia .
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating . \n END START near the Café Brazil .
The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating . \n END START near the Café Brazil .
The Cricketers is a fast everyone coffee shop with a high customer rating . Bar . Located near the Café UNK .
The Wrestlers is a go quality sushi suitable for families and features moderately priced . \n END START UNK customers including families . You UNK try The Wrestlers near Raja Indian Cuisine at City Centre .
The Wrestlers is a go shop , UNK for families and features moderately class . \n END START UNK customers including families . You can find The Wrestlers near Raja Indian Cuisine at City Centre .
The Wrestlers is a go to , UNK for families and features moderately priced . \n END START UNK customers including families . You 'll find The Wrestlers near Raja Indian Cuisine at City Centre .
The Wrestlers is a go of Shop option for families and features moderately items at prices between £ UNK customers including families . You can find The Wrestlers near Raja Indian Cuisine at City Centre .
The Wrestlers is a go UNK not UNK for families and features moderately priced at UNK and of UNK customers including families . You can find The Wrestlers near Raja Indian Cuisine at City Centre .
The Wrestlers is a go that is UNK for families and features moderately priced . The restaurant is UNK customers including families . You can find The Wrestlers near Raja Indian Cuisine at City Centre .
The Wrestlers is a go shop , not for families and features moderately French food that by a UNK customers including families . You can find The Wrestlers near Raja Indian Cuisine at City Centre .
The Wrestlers is a go who why , for families and features moderately priced dining \n END START UNK customers including families . You can try The Wrestlers near Raja Indian Cuisine at City Centre .
coffee shop is near the Raja Indian Cuisine the riverside , They also serve fast food and is very kid friendly
near the riverside near the Raja Indian Cuisine the The Wrestlers restaurant which serves French food and is very kid friendly
in Riverside , near the Raja Indian Cuisine the END START The Waterman offers French food and is very kid friendly
coffee that is near the Raja Indian Cuisine the riverside . They also serves UNK food and is very kid friendly
END START Located near the Raja Indian Cuisine the Riverside , The Wrestlers serves Fast food and is very kid friendly
END START Located near the Raja Indian Cuisine the The Wrestlers coffee shop serves Italian food and is very kid friendly
in riverside and near the Raja Indian Cuisine the END START The Waterman got great food and is very kid friendly
that is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine the UNK of Riverside with high price food and is very kid friendly
The Wrestlers is a Japanese food restaurant , located in the Riverside area nearby Raja Indian Cuisine . It is relatively family friendly also UNK normal .
The Wrestlers is a Japanese food restaurant , located in the Riverside area nearby Raja Indian Cuisine . It is relatively a UNK also eat UNK .
The Wrestlers is a Japanese food restaurant , located in the Riverside area nearby Raja Indian Cuisine . It is relatively cheap and also family friendly .
The Wrestlers is a Japanese food restaurant , located in the Riverside area nearby Raja Indian Cuisine . It is relatively kids friendly also UNK offered .
The Wrestlers is a Japanese food restaurant , located in the Riverside area nearby Raja Indian Cuisine . It is relatively priced and also kid friendly .
The Wrestlers is a Japanese food restaurant , located in the Riverside area nearby Raja Indian Cuisine . It is relatively UNK and also UNK suited .
The Wrestlers is a Japanese food restaurant , located in the Riverside area nearby Raja Indian Cuisine . It is relatively priced £ also UNK quality .
The Wrestlers is a Japanese food restaurant , located in the Riverside area nearby Raja Indian Cuisine . It is relatively child friendly also fantastic END .
The Mill , a family - friendly restaurant offers English food at affordable prices . The restaurant is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Mill , a family - friendly restaurant offers English food at affordable prices . The restaurant is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Mill , a family - friendly restaurant offers English food at affordable prices . The restaurant is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Mill , a family - friendly restaurant offers English food at affordable prices . The can be found in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Mill , a family - friendly restaurant offers English food at affordable prices . The UNK is sited in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Mill , a family - friendly restaurant offers English food at affordable prices . The restaurant is located in the city centre UNK Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Mill , a family - friendly restaurant offers English food at affordable prices . The END START Located in the city centre and Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Mill , a family - friendly restaurant offers English food at affordable prices . The restaurant is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Mill is a family friendly mid Asian UNK pub located the UNK - UNK .
The Mill is a family friendly mid - range pub located North customers UNK it .
The Mill is a family friendly mid price reviewed pub located near the Café Rouge .
The Mill is a family friendly mid - range pub located next to Café Rouge .
The Mill is a family friendly mid 5 star pub located next to the riverside .
The Mill is a family friendly mid price range pub located near the Café Rouge .
The Mill is a family friendly mid - food pub located north of the city .
The Mill is a family friendly mid - priced pub located near the Café Rouge .
The Phoenix is a pub shop near Burger King in the city centre . They serve Italian food , are children UNK or services , in a high price range .
The Phoenix is a pub , The Olive Grove in the city centre . They serve Indian food , with children UNK or services , in a high price range .
The Phoenix is a pub shop which American must in the city centre . They serve wine , , UNK children UNK or services , in a high price range .
The Phoenix is a pub of fast food UNK in the city centre . They serve Japanese food , UNK children UNK or services , in a high price range .
The Phoenix is a pub shop near Burger King in the city centre . They serve Italian food , are children UNK or services , in a high price range .
The Phoenix is a pub with a UNK located in the city centre . They serve pub food , UNK children UNK or services , in a high price range .
The Phoenix is a pub . average customer rating in the city centre . They serve Italian food , and children UNK or services , in a high price range .
The Phoenix is a pub . \n END START in the city centre . They serve coffee shop , are children UNK or services , in a high price range .
The Punter Indian restaurant , is moderate in priced , a 1 out of 5 customer Rating , not kid friendly on the UNK of Riverside near Holiday King .
The Punter Indian restaurant , is moderate in price UNK with 3 out of 5 customer Rating , not kid friendly on the river side close to Holiday King .
The Punter Indian restaurant , is moderate in price has a 1 out of 5 customer Rating , not kid friendly on the UNK near Express by Holiday Inn .
The Punter Indian restaurant , is moderate in , with a 3 out of 5 customer Rating , not kid friendly on the Riverside side \n END Holiday Try .
The Punter Indian restaurant , is moderate even . With a 3 out of 5 customer Rating , not kid friendly on the UNK to enjoy got Holiday UNK .
The Punter Indian restaurant , is moderate in and has a 1 out of 5 customer Rating , not kid friendly on the nearby , the UNK Holiday service .
The Punter Indian restaurant , is moderate in range , a 3 out of 5 customer Rating , not kid friendly on the riverside near Express by Holiday Inn .
The Punter Indian restaurant , is moderate in price , a 1 out of 5 customer Rating , not kid friendly on the riverside . \n END Holiday UNK .
Wrestlers coffee shop serves French food and is near the city center and the Raja Indian Cuisine . It is not family - friendly and is priced in the less than 20 rates range .
Wrestlers coffee shop serves French food and is near the city center and the Raja Indian Cuisine . It is not family - friendly and is priced in the less than 20 pound range .
Wrestlers coffee shop serves French food and is near the city center and the Raja Indian Cuisine . It is not family - friendly and is priced in the less than £ 20 range .
Wrestlers coffee shop serves French food and is near the city center and the Raja Indian Cuisine . It is not family - friendly and is priced in the less than 20 pound range .
shop , it serves French food and is near the city center and the Raja Indian Cuisine . It is not family - friendly and is priced in the less than 20 \n END .
shop which also serves French food and is near the city center and the Raja Indian Cuisine . It is not family - friendly and is priced in the less than £ 20 range .
START The Waterman serves French food and is near the city center and the Raja Indian Cuisine . It is not family - friendly and is priced in the less than 20 pound range .
Wrestlers coffee shop serves French food and is near the city center and the Raja Indian Cuisine . It is not family - friendly and is priced in the less than 20 pound range .
. \n END START kid Wrestlers restaurant is located the Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area . It provides French food .
END START The Wrestlers kid a coffee shop near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area . It serves French food .
. \n END START kid Waterman is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area . It serves French food .
a UNK UNK with kid what . We are the Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area . the high French food .
\n END START The kid friendly The Wrestlers located the Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area . They serve French food .
high , and not kid friendly . It is the Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area . UNK START French food .
high price range , kid is sure . Look the Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area . UNK UNK French food .
. \n END START kid friendly UNK . UNK the Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area . Visit to French food .
of Cambridge is a this friendly shop near near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
Here is a child - friendly French shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
UNK . this UNK is friendly UNK new near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
of Cambridge into specializes family friendly is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
START Taste of Cambridge is friendly UNK , near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
great UNK that Browns Cambridge friendly UNK is near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
START Browns Cambridge coffee shop friendly is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Vaults , meal not pub on the river in Raja Indian Cuisine , boasts moderate prices , high ratings and a lovely cheaper location .
The Vaults , which UNK pub on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine , boasts moderate prices , high ratings and a go eating please .
The Vaults , an English pub on the riverside . Its Indian Cuisine , boasts moderate prices , high ratings and a family friendly atmosphere .
The Vaults , a Japanese pub on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine , boasts moderate prices , high ratings and a kid friendly atmosphere .
The Vaults , it is pub on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine , boasts moderate prices , high ratings and a UNK , UNK .
The Vaults , a the pub on Cambridge located nearby Raja Indian Cuisine , boasts moderate prices , high ratings and a UNK riverside UNK .
The Vaults , coffee shop pub on City Centre near Raja Indian Cuisine , boasts moderate prices , high ratings and a family UNK atmosphere .
The Vaults , which is pub on the riverside by Raja Indian Cuisine , boasts moderate prices , high ratings and a not kid friendly .
In the city centre , near the Raja Indian Cuisine , lies the Wildwood . There called The Wrestlers coffee shop priced Indian food . The venue is not family friendly .
In the city centre , near the Raja Indian Cuisine , lies the Wildwood . price \n END START The Wrestlers provides Indian food . The venue is not family friendly .
In the city centre , near the Raja Indian Cuisine , lies the Wildwood . This Cuisine coffee shop serving moderately priced Indian food . The venue is not family friendly .
In the city centre , near the Raja Indian Cuisine , lies the Wildwood . The coffee shop that within for priced Indian food . The venue is not family friendly .
In the city centre , near the Raja Indian Cuisine , lies the Wildwood . shop is a recommended . UNK of Indian food . The venue is not family friendly .
In the city centre , near the Raja Indian Cuisine , lies the Wildwood . \n END START The Wrestlers coffee and Indian food . The venue is not family friend .
In the city centre , near the Raja Indian Cuisine , lies the Wildwood . The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Indian food . The venue is not family friendly .
In the city centre , near the Raja Indian Cuisine , lies the Wildwood . It 's a cheap coffee shop offering Indian food . The venue is not family friendly .
The Vaults is a pub in the riverside area that has a 3 out of 5 customer rating . Although it has a high price range , it is children friendly , it good also stop in near the Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Vaults is a pub in the Riverside area that has a 3 out of 5 customer rating . Although it has a moderate price range , it is children friendly , you can want UNK , near the Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Vaults is a pub in the riverside area that has a 3 out of 5 customer rating . Although it has a high price range , it is children friendly , \n END START UNK taste near the Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Vaults is a pub in the Riverside area that has a 3 out of 5 customer rating . Although it has a high price range , it is children friendly , , atmosphere is restrooms UNK near the Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Vaults is a pub in the riverside area that has a 3 out of 5 customer rating . Although it has a high price range , it is children friendly , so no more visit Locate near the Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Vaults is a pub in the riverside area that has a 3 out of 5 customer rating . Although it has a high price range , it is children friendly , UNK you are bank good near the Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Vaults is a pub in the Riverside area that has a 3 out of 5 customer rating . Although it has a high price range , it is children friendly , and it is conveniently located near the Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Vaults is a pub in the riverside area that has a 3 out of 5 customer rating . Although it has a high price range , it is children friendly , so UNK child UNK , near the Raja Indian Cuisine .
in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine . UNK , the family UNK provide French food .
in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine UNK Here , is family friendly at French Café .
in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine \n END , a family offering cheap French Food .
in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine . Expect , from family £ 20 French 25 .
in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine \n END , UNK family is a French Food .
in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine . UNK , a family to enjoy French cuisine .
in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine \n END , UNK family UNK and French food .
in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine . UNK , , family environment , French food .
The Punter is an Indian food \n END START The the city centre near Café Sicilia . It has a low customer rating , but fast food there costs under 20 pounds .
The Punter is friendly cheeses for families , situated in the city centre near Café Sicilia . It has a low customer rating , but fast food there costs under 20 pounds .
The Punter coffee shop serves its in the UNK of the city centre near Café Sicilia . It has a low customer rating , but fast food there costs under 20 pounds .
The Eagle is a more expensive know to , in the city centre near Café Sicilia . It has a low customer rating , but fast food there costs under 20 pounds .
The coffee friendly The Punter coffee shop ; located in the city centre near Café Sicilia . It has a low customer rating , but fast food there costs under 20 pounds .
The END START The Punter is a coffee shop in the city centre near Café Sicilia . It has a low customer rating , but fast food there costs under 20 pounds .
The Punter . \n END START Clowns like restaurant in the city centre near Café Sicilia . It has a low customer rating , but fast food there costs under 20 euros .
The Noodle Bar . \n END START Cotto is in the city centre near Café Sicilia . It has a low customer rating , but fast food there costs under 20 pounds .
The Mill \n END START The servers Indian pub near Café Sicilia by the Punter . It is family friendly and has a low rating .
The Mill Curry serves is a Indian food pub near Café Sicilia by the river . It is family friendly and has a low rating .
The Mill Curry a fast food restaurant is pub near Café Sicilia by the river . It is family friendly and has a low rating .
The Mill is a high class priced at pub near Café Sicilia by the riverside . It is family friendly and has a low rating .
The Mill Curry serves fast food for a pub near Café Sicilia by the river . It is family friendly and has a low rating .
The Mill Curry is a food of Indian pub near Café Sicilia by the river . It is family friendly and has a low rating .
The Mill serves Japanese food . It is pub near Café Sicilia by a riverside . It is family friendly and has a low rating .
The Mill Area \n END START Chinese food pub near Café Sicilia by The Punter . It is family friendly and has a low rating .
food at the UNK . We a non family - friendly pub our food is Italian we are near the , who and we are at The Waterman . our people rating is low .
price opened UNK cheap . We a non family - friendly pub our food is Italian we are near the riverside , and we are at UNK to the . Our rating is low .
UNK START Browns Cambridge . We a non family - friendly pub our food is Italian we are near the Crowne Plaza Hotel we are at our the and our customer rating is low .
price options and UNK . We a non family - friendly pub our food is Italian we are near the riverside , and we are at we see UNK our customer rating is low .
riverside at The Waterman . We a non family - friendly pub our food is Italian we are near the city centre and we are at the UNK , our customer rating is low .
is than £ 20 . We a non family - friendly pub our food is Italian we are near the riverside area customer we are at UNK class see Our Customer rating is low .
Welcome to The Waterman . We a non family - friendly pub our food is Italian we are near the riverside and the we are at welcome Waterman UNK our customer rating is low .
Eagle UNK Japanese food . We a non family - friendly pub our food is Italian we are near the Burger King , we are at the riverside and our customer rating is low .
Family Friendly restaurant , The prices are The Rice Boat when , it Punter serves Indian dishes , near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre area .
Family Friendly restaurant UNK UNK no further then The Rice Boat , with Punter serves Indian dishes , near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre area .
Family Friendly restaurant called UNK to The Bakers . \n END , The Punter serves Indian dishes , lunch Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre area .
Family Friendly restaurant UNK rated restaurant Boat Rice your cheap Boat , . Punter serves Indian dishes , near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre area .
Family Friendly restaurant UNK friendly 5 out of 5 Rice The , Boat Punter serves Indian dishes , near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre area .
Family Friendly restaurant . \n END START Although UNK Cambridge , , Rice Punter serves Indian dishes , a Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre area .
Family Friendly restaurant The Waterman . \n END START UNK priced , The Punter serves Indian dishes , near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre area .
Family Friendly restaurant known The Eagle . \n END START The , Boat Punter serves Indian dishes , near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre area .
The Vaults is a restaurant which provides Indian food at £ 20 - 25 . Located by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine , it is ideal for families
The Vaults is a restaurant which provides Indian food at prices under £ 25 . Located by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine , it is ideal for bring
The Vaults is a restaurant which provides Indian food at less than £ 25 . Located by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine , it is ideal for UNK
The Vaults is a restaurant which provides Indian food at £ 20 - 25 . Located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine , it is ideal for kids
The Vaults is a restaurant which provides Indian food at £ 20 - 25 . Located at the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine , it is ideal for kids
The Vaults is a restaurant which provides Indian food at less than £ 25 . Located by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine , it is ideal for friends
The Vaults is a restaurant which provides Indian food at less than £ 25 . Located by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine , it is ideal for family
The Vaults is a restaurant which provides Indian food at high - priced 25 . Located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine , it is ideal for UNK
Strada coffee shop has a low price menu , is located near Express by Holiday Inn .
Strada coffee shop has a low priced UNK and is located near Express by Holiday Inn .
Strada coffee shop has a low price range and is located near Express by Holiday Inn .
Strada coffee shop has a low price . It is located near Express by Holiday Inn .
Strada coffee shop has a low rating . it 's located near Express by Holiday Inn .
Strada coffee shop has a low - price and is located near Express by Holiday Inn .
Strada coffee shop has a low cost . It is located near Express by Holiday Inn .
Strada coffee shop has a low - priced and also located near Express by Holiday Inn .
In the area of riverside is this coffee shop is The Phoenix , located near Burger King . It is not kid friendly and the Fast food is quite expensive .
In the area of riverside , near Burger King is The Phoenix , a French coffee shop . It is not kid friendly and the Fast is Italian bit expensive .
In the area of The Rice Boat , there is The Phoenix , named The Twenty Two . It is not kid friendly and the Fast customer rating is expensive .
In the area of riverside , Customers rating options is The Phoenix , it is quite high . It is not kid friendly and the Fast food is UNK expensive .
In the area of riverside , near Burger King is The Phoenix , an this customer rating . It is not kid friendly and the Fast food coffee shop expensive .
In the area of riverside , is a restaurant is The Phoenix , is serves English Food . It is not kid friendly and the Fast START Fitzbillies is expensive .
In the area of riverside and near Burger King is The Phoenix , best coffee shop family . It is not kid friendly and the Fast food is quite expensive .
In the area of riverside there is new pub is The Phoenix , has rang great food . It is not kid friendly and the Fast is also quite expensive .
The Cricketers is a family friendly Japanese coffee shop and facility , that is UNK as average by customers .
The Cricketers is a family friendly Indian coffee shop , sit , that has been rated average by customers .
The Cricketers is a family - friendly coffee UNK in the UNK that provide rated as average by customers .
The Cricketers is a family - friendly coffee shop by Café Sicilia that is rated as average by customers .
The Cricketers is a family friendly UNK coffee near The Portland Arms that has UNK well average by customers .
The Cricketers is a family coffee coffee coffee shop by a dinner that is rated as average by customers .
The Cricketers is a family friendly restaurant coffee shop UNK in shop that has been rated average by customers .
The Cricketers is a family - friendly coffee shop . The Portland that is UNK is average by customers .
Blue Spice to near UNK UNK UNK river .
Blue Spice is restaurant is i earned every .
Blue Spice is found just - the city .
Blue Spice has UNK view like the river .
Blue Spice is ranked as offering UNK eats .
Blue Spice is UNK UNK the Wine lovely .
Blue Spice . It has a river view .
Blue Spice is UNK UNK rice near riverside .
The Mill is a poorly expensive English restaurant that is not children friendly . It 's near the city centre . \n END . The menu serves English food and is usually more £ 30 , but it 's worth it .
The Mill is a mid priced Indian restaurant that is not children friendly . It 's near the city centre \n END START . The menu serves English food and is usually more £ 30 , but it 's worth it .
The Mill restaurant , is high priced restaurant that is not children friendly . It 's near the City centre and the river . The menu serves English food and is usually more £ 30 , but it 's worth it .
The Mill is an up value style restaurant that is not children friendly . It 's near the city centre . \n END . The menu serves English food and is usually more £ 30 , but it 's worth it .
The Mill themed sell START A Japanese restaurant that is not children friendly . It 's near the city centre really a high . The menu serves English food and is usually more £ 30 , but it 's worth it .
The Mill is an more highly fantastic restaurant that is not children friendly . It 's near the city centre with Grove UNK . The menu serves English food and is usually more £ 30 , but it 's worth it .
The Mill , is UNK and Italian restaurant that is not children friendly . It 's near the city centre . The mediocre . The menu serves English food and is usually more £ 30 , but it 's worth it .
The Mill offers is a fast food restaurant that is not children friendly . It 's near the city centre also UNK customers . The menu serves English food and is usually more £ 30 , but it 's worth it .
There is an expensive Italian restaurant named Giraffe . It is located in the riverside area near The Sorrento It quite food , yes , it as family UNK .
There is an expensive coffee shop Blue Giraffe . It is located in the riverside area near Avalon , in the value , yes , and the UNK UNK .
There is an UNK Italian pub called Giraffe . It is located in the riverside area near the a family friendly range , yes , with it loves service .
There is an average oriented serving French Giraffe . It is located in the riverside area near Italian UNK . Not Rouge , yes , The name of one .
There is an cheap Italian restaurant the Giraffe . It is located in the riverside area near to The Yippee Noodle Bar , yes , it offer is not .
There is an expensive pub offering Japanese Giraffe . It is located in the riverside area near to Café Rouge , restaurant , yes , UNK The Golden UNK .
There is an average rated pub The Giraffe . It is located in the riverside area near Café Rouge \n END START , yes , it a child area .
There is an above average price called Giraffe . It is located in the riverside area near the Express by Holiday Inn , yes , the food family restaurant .
The Punter Italian restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn in the Riverside area , kid friendly , and has average customer rating .
The Punter Italian restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn in the Riverside , is kid friendly \n END START UNK customer rating .
The Punter Italian restaurant near a Burger King Inn in the Riverside centre this kid friendly recently has an average customer rating .
The Punter Italian restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn in the Riverside , is kid friendly and has a high customer rating .
The Punter Italian restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn in the Riverside area is kid friendly . UNK the average customer rating .
The Punter Italian restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn in the Riverside centre is kid friendly , UNK UNK its customer rating .
The Punter Italian restaurant near a UNK food Inn in the Riverside centre - kid friendly and boasts a UNK customer rating .
The Punter Italian restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn in the Riverside is cheap kid friendly and has an average customer rating .
If you do UNK mind UNK a bit more , The Wrestlers restaurant is child - friendly and serves good Japanese food . You can find it near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area .
If you do UNK mind UNK a bit more , The Wrestlers restaurant is child - friendly and serves good Japanese food . You will find it near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside district .
If you do UNK mind UNK a bit more , The Wrestlers restaurant is child - friendly and serves good Japanese food . You can find it near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area .
If you do UNK mind UNK a bit more , The Wrestlers restaurant is child - friendly and serves good Japanese food . You can find it near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area .
If you do UNK mind UNK a bit more , The Wrestlers restaurant is child - friendly and serves good Japanese food . You can find it near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area .
If you do UNK mind UNK a bit more , The Wrestlers restaurant is child - friendly and serves good Japanese food . You can find it near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area .
If you do UNK mind UNK a bit more , The Wrestlers restaurant is child - friendly and serves good Japanese food . You can find it near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area .
If you do UNK mind UNK a bit more , The Wrestlers restaurant is child - friendly and serves good Japanese food . You can find it near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area .
is not family friendly , it sells fine foods at moderate prices . They welcome be . UNK just east of Raja Indian Cuisine on the River
END START The Wrestlers coffee shop sells fine foods at moderate prices . They welcome , They , just east of Raja Indian Cuisine on the River
END START The Wrestlers coffee shop sells fine foods at moderate prices . They welcome fine the UNK just east of Raja Indian Cuisine on the River
they have a good UNK of sells fine foods at moderate prices . They welcome , welcome , just east of Raja Indian Cuisine on the River
Wrestlers is a coffee shop that sells fine foods at moderate prices . They welcome , , , just east of Raja Indian Cuisine on the River
family friendly coffee shop that it sells fine foods at moderate prices . They welcome be found , just east of Raja Indian Cuisine on the River
Loch Fyne is a restaurant that sells fine foods at moderate prices . They welcome children . UNK just east of Raja Indian Cuisine on the River
. \n END START The Wrestlers sells fine foods at moderate prices . They welcome , City , just east of Raja Indian Cuisine on the River
Serving English food on the riverside in The Punter . A kid friendly restaurant in the price range of 20 - £ 25 . The Punter is located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
Serving English food on the riverside in The Punter . A kid friendly restaurant in the price range £ 20 - £ 25 . The Punter is located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
Serving English food on the riverside in The Punter . A kid friendly restaurant in the price range of 20 - £ 25 . The Punter is located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
Serving English food on the riverside in The Punter . A kid friendly restaurant in the price range of 20 - £ 25 . The Punter is located near Raja Bar One .
Serving English food on the riverside in The Punter . A kid friendly restaurant in the price range £ 20 - £ 25 . The Punter is located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
Serving English food on the riverside in The Punter . A kid friendly restaurant in the price range of 20 - £ 25 . The Punter is located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
Serving English food on the riverside in The Punter . A kid friendly restaurant in the price range of 20 - £ 25 . The Punter is located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
Serving English food on the riverside in The Punter . A kid friendly restaurant in the price range of 20 - £ UNK . The Punter is located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
END START UNK , UNK a great place to eat , try Green Man , a coffee shop near All Bar One with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 stars .
START If not looking for a great place to eat , try Green Man , a coffee shop near All Bar One with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 stars .
\n END START There UNK a great place to eat , try Green Man , a coffee shop near All Bar One with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 stars .
our UNK go looking for a great place to eat , try Green Man , a coffee shop near All Bar One with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 stars .
are UNK French food and a great place to eat , try Green Man , a coffee shop near All Bar One with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 stars .
UNK If fine want for a great place to eat , try Green Man , a coffee shop near All Bar One with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars .
END START Italian food among a great place to eat , try Green Man , a coffee shop near All Bar One with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars .
. \n END START For a great place to eat , try Green Man , a coffee shop near All Bar One with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 stars .
There is a cheap family friendly restaurant in riverside called The Wrestlers that offers English food and it is near Raja Indian Cuisine .
There is a higher priced coffee restaurant in riverside called The Wrestlers that offers English food and is located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
There is a high customer rating restaurant in riverside called The Phoenix that offers English food and a price UNK Raja \n END .
There is a moderately priced food restaurant in riverside called The Wrestlers that offers English food and coffee , near Raja the restaurant .
There is a cheap family friendly restaurant in riverside called The Wrestlers that offers English food and located near near Raja Indian Cuisine .
There is a cheap Italian food restaurant in riverside called Bibimbap House that offers English food and \n END START Raja Clare Hall .
There is a high price range restaurant in riverside called Loch Fyne that offers English food and children are bank Raja \n END .
There is a high price range restaurant in riverside called The Wrestlers that offers English food and is located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
UNK Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside there is a coffee shop that pricey fast food and restaurant considered family friendly .
UNK Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside there is a coffee shop that serves fast food and restaurant child - friendly .
UNK Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside there is a Wrestlers UNK why delicious fast food and restaurant called UNK UNK .
UNK Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside there is a cheap friendly shop serve fast food and restaurant called The Wrestlers .
UNK Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside there is a cheap coffee shop of fast food and restaurant called The Wrestlers .
UNK Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside there is a coffee shop that serves fast food and restaurant called The Wrestlers .
UNK Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside there is a cheap and kid friendly fast food and restaurant called UNK Wrestlers .
UNK Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside there is a coffee shop named UNK fast food and restaurant is child friendly .
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Japanese pub in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine . This pub is kid - friendly .
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Japanese pub in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine . This pub is a coffee shop .
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Japanese pub in a riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine . This pub is also kid friendly .
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Japanese pub in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine . This pub is not amenities friendly .
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Japanese pub in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine . This pub is ideal for families .
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Japanese pub in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine . This pub is not kid friendly .
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Japanese pub in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine . This pub is a coffee shop .
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Japanese pub in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine . This pub is not kid friendly .
The Waterman is a pub near to Raja Indian Cuisine and is child - friendly . It has a high price range but is located in riverside
The Waterman is a pub near to Raja Indian Cuisine that is child - friendly . It has a high price range . \n END in riverside
The Waterman is a pub near to Raja Indian Cuisine that is child - friendly . It has a high price range . UNK food in riverside
The Waterman is a pub near to Raja Indian food and is child - friendly . It has a high price range and is located in riverside
The Waterman is a pub near to Raja Indian Cuisine that is child - friendly . It has a high price range and is located in riverside
The Waterman is a pub near to Raja Indian Cuisine that is child - friendly . It has a high price range and Good UNK in riverside
The Waterman is a pub near to Raja Indian Cuisine which is child - friendly . It has a high price range and is located in riverside
The Waterman is a pub near to Raja Indian Cuisine and is child - friendly . It has a high price range and is located in riverside
The Vaults pub offers French food , in the riverside area . Prices are seeking are average .
The Vaults pub offers French UNK , in the riverside area . UNK day low be experience .
The Vaults pub offers French cuisine , in the riverside area . Has a low customer rating .
The Vaults pub offers French food , in the riverside area . They have low customer rating .
The Vaults pub offers French food , in the riverside area . The price range is UNK .
The Vaults pub offers French food , in the riverside area . \n END START Sushi UNK .
The Vaults pub offers French food , in the riverside area . Its customer rating is average .
The Vaults pub offers French food , in the riverside area . There people UNK great UNK .
It enjoy UNK UNK . Sicilia is a fast food restaurant are UNK North from the city center .
are UNK food at the Sicilia is a fast food restaurant are far UNK within the City center .
\n END START The Green Sicilia is a fast food restaurant are moderate prices and is kid center .
START Down to the Café Sicilia is a fast food restaurant are far of selections the City center .
UNK of the centre . Sicilia is a fast food restaurant are just North of the city center .
\n END START UNK Café Sicilia is a fast food restaurant are named Dumpling Tree with food center .
of 1 out of 5 Sicilia is a fast food restaurant are okay END now in City center .
It is UNK much down Sicilia is a fast food restaurant are The Waterman UNK in city center .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine there is a place called The Wrestlers that offers less than £ 20 Italian food and is by the river side . Kids are not
Near Raja Indian Cuisine there is a restaurant called The Wrestlers that offers less than £ 20 Italian food and is by the river side . Kids are not
Near Raja Indian Cuisine there is a restaurant called The Wrestlers that offers less than £ 20 Italian food and is by the river side . Kids UNK is
Near Raja Indian Cuisine there is a family friendly The Wrestlers that offers less than £ 20 Italian food and is by the river side . Kids END START
Near Raja Indian Cuisine there is a place called The Wrestlers that offers less than £ 20 Italian food and is by the river side . Kids are not
Near Raja Indian Cuisine there is a place named The Wrestlers that offers less than £ 20 Italian food and is by the river side . Kids not by
Near Raja Indian Cuisine there is a restaurant is The Wrestlers that offers less than £ 20 Italian food and is by the river side . Kids relatively kids
Near Raja Indian Cuisine there is a restaurant called The Wrestlers that offers less than £ 20 Italian food and is by the river side . Kids not come
The Phoenix is a pub situated right by the river . takeaway also offers a range of snacks , wine and coffee . The Phoenix of - shop hamburgers and a 3 star rating cheaper stars . The Phoenix is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Phoenix is a pub situated right by the river . The that offers a range of snacks , wine and coffee . The Phoenix offers please shop customers scored a 3 out of 5 stars . The Phoenix is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Phoenix is a pub situated right by the riverside . The shop offers a range of snacks , wine and coffee . The Phoenix of this also will site a 3 out of 5 stars . The Phoenix is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Phoenix is a pub situated right by the City . . It offers a range of snacks , wine and coffee . The Phoenix even UNK shop Only serves a 3 star service with stars . The Phoenix is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Phoenix is a pub situated right by the river . This shop offers a range of snacks , wine and coffee . The Phoenix will of , this dollars a 3 out of 5 stars . The Phoenix is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Phoenix is a pub situated right by the river . The typical offers a range of snacks , wine and coffee . The Phoenix serves : UNK menu of a 3 lunch of UNK stars . The Phoenix is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Phoenix is a pub situated right by the river . The shop offers a range of snacks , wine and coffee . The Phoenix offers low prices and offering a 3 out of 5 stars . The Phoenix is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Phoenix is a pub situated right by the river . The shop offers a range of snacks , wine and coffee . The Phoenix is a coffee shop that a 3 out of 5 stars . The Phoenix is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Mill restaurant is located east of Café Rouge . It is is low priced , and not family - friendly .
The Mill restaurant is located east of Café Rouge . It sell high - priced , and not family - friendly .
The Mill restaurant is located east of Café Rouge . It END START low priced , and not family - friendly .
The Mill restaurant is located east of Café Rouge . It is low - priced , and not family - friendly .
The Mill restaurant is located east of Café Rouge . It offers low - priced , and not family - friendly .
The Mill restaurant is located east of Café Rouge . It is low - priced , and not family - friendly .
The Mill restaurant is located east of Café Rouge . It is a reasonably priced , and not family - friendly .
The Mill restaurant is located east of Café Rouge . It wines is low priced , and not family - friendly .
Blue Spice is a moderately priced restaurant that 3 out 5 riverside which serves English food and is UNK to be kid friendly .
Blue Spice is a cheap priced restaurant . \n END START The which serves English food and £ it to be kid friendly .
Blue Spice is a moderately priced restaurant in the center of city which serves English food and the restaurant will be kid friendly .
Blue Spice is a high - priced restaurant in the riverside area which serves English food and UNK is not be kid friendly .
Blue Spice is a very expensive , restaurant UNK UNK the riverside which serves English food and consumer and UNK be kid friendly .
Blue Spice is a restaurant where to UNK a for UNK of which serves English food and moderate price can be kid friendly .
Blue Spice is a night out of 5 rating in Riverside , which serves English food and yes , would be kid friendly .
Blue Spice is a moderately - priced restaurant that is in riverside which serves English food and The also would be kid friendly .
yes it 's UNK have children . Offering Fast food , called The Wrestlers , although has it Raja Indian Cuisine , \n END START Raja Indian Cuisine near the city centre is a pub but quite expensive at more than £ 30 ,
yes it you UNK have children . fresh English food , called The Wrestlers , although has a low customer rating , \n END START Raja Indian Cuisine near the city centre is a pub but quite expensive at more than £ 30 ,
yes it do also have children . Family Indian food , called The Wrestlers , although has high prices for services , hors UNK UNK Raja Indian Cuisine near the city centre is a pub but quite expensive at more than £ 30 ,
yes it kid friendly have children . UNK gives food , called The Wrestlers , although has high price range near , the close of Raja Indian Cuisine near the city centre is a pub but quite expensive at more than £ 30 ,
yes it sell age have children . Serving of food , called The Wrestlers , although has a delicious more know , START Located food Raja Indian Cuisine near the city centre is a pub but quite expensive at more than £ 30 ,
yes it 's not have children . They good food , called The Wrestlers , although has UNK is somewhat you , UNK from the Raja Indian Cuisine near the city centre is a pub but quite expensive at more than £ 30 ,
yes it has come have children . serves Fast food , called The Wrestlers , although has moderate prices stop average , END START with Raja Indian Cuisine near the city centre is a pub but quite expensive at more than £ 30 ,
yes it does not have children . offers Fast food , called The Wrestlers , although has a more price range , \n END START Raja Indian Cuisine near the city centre is a pub but quite expensive at more than £ 30 ,
The Vaults is a UNK only coffee shop near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre . They serve French food that costs less than £ 20 and have a low customer rating .
The Vaults is French , and It is near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre . They serve a price range costs less than £ 20 and have a low customer rating .
The Vaults is a budget priced coffee shop near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre . They serve French food that costs less than £ 20 and have a low customer rating .
The Vaults is a family friendly shop located near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre . They serve French food that costs less than £ 20 and have a low customer rating .
The Vaults is a family friendly coffee shop near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre . They serve French food that costs less than £ 20 and have a low customer rating .
The Vaults is a family friendly coffee shop near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre . They serve French food that costs less than £ 20 and have a low customer rating .
The Vaults is a UNK coffee UNK is near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre . They serve START The Waterman costs less than £ 20 and have a low customer rating .
The Vaults is an UNK UNK coffee shop near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre . They serve Japanese food that costs less than £ 20 and have a low customer rating .
and and UNK to The Punter , we serve the UNK Italian food around and have an mature customer rating this is very good for a restaurant we are near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and our area is the riverside our price range is very cheap for such good food at the UNK we are not family - friendly .
Here and welcome to The Punter , we serve the UNK Italian food around and have an highest customer rating this is very good for a restaurant we are near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and our area is the riverside our price range is very cheap for such good food at the UNK we are not family - friendly .
restaurant and welcome to The Punter , we serve the UNK Italian food around and have an average customer rating this is very good for a restaurant we are near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and our area is the riverside our price range is very cheap for such good food at the UNK we are not family - friendly .
do not welcome to The Punter , we serve the UNK Italian food around and have an average customer rating this is very good for a restaurant we are near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and our area is the riverside our price range is very cheap for such good food at the UNK we are not family - friendly .
welcome UNK welcome to The Punter , we serve the UNK Italian food around and have an average customer rating this is very good for a restaurant we are near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and our area is the riverside our price range is very cheap for such good food at the UNK we are not family - friendly .
deals START Welcome to The Punter , we serve the UNK Italian food around and have an average customer rating this is very good for a restaurant we are near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and our area is the riverside our price range is very cheap for such good food at the UNK we are not family - friendly .
and UNK welcome to The Punter , we serve the UNK Italian food around and have an \n UNK rating this is very good for a restaurant we are near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and our area is the riverside our price range is very cheap for such good food at the UNK we are not family - friendly .
and UNK welcome to The Punter , we serve the UNK Italian food around and have an Italian customer rating this is very good for a restaurant we are near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and our area is the riverside our price range is very cheap for such good food at the UNK we are not family - friendly .
Close START The Eagle , an excellent . It has a 1 star .
Close UNK is UNK , and UNK . UNK for expect to UNK .
Close to Loch Fyne , UNK riverside . UNK at The Rice Boat .
Close food coffee they , serving UNK . A a UNK at well .
Close the moderately great , UNK UNK . A UNK upscale UNK family .
Close to Burger King , The Eagle . coffee shop other average food .
Close to UNK food , The Eagle . It is UNK good UNK .
Close eat of wines , UNK pub . At UNK sits Star over .
In the heart of town near the Burger King is a coffee was . The Vaults . They offer a family - friendly environment , good food , and options quality makes a low cost .
In the heart of town near Burger King there is a coffee shop called The Vaults . They offer a family - friendly environment , good food , and quality , at a low cost .
In the heart of town near Burger King , is a coffee shop , The Vaults . They offer a family - friendly environment , good food , and UNK UNK , a low cost .
In the heart of town near the Burger King is a coffee shop called The Vaults . They offer a family - friendly environment , good food , and quality , for a low cost .
In the heart of town near Café Rouge , is a pub called that The Vaults . They offer a family - friendly environment , good food , and UNK UNK food a low cost .
In the heart of town near the Burger King is a coffee shop called The Vaults . They offer a family - friendly environment , good food , the ' 5of5 food a low cost .
In the heart of town near Burger King , is a coffee shop , The Vaults . They offer a family - friendly environment , good food , and As , for a low cost .
In the heart of town near Avalon , , is a class other shop shop Vaults . They offer a family - friendly environment , good food , and drink , as a low cost .
Found near Crowne Plaza Hotel , Clowns is a pub with an average rating . \n END START Riverside .
Found near Crowne Plaza Hotel , Clowns is a pub with UNK visit rating will would will at Riverside .
Found near Crowne Plaza Hotel , Clowns is a pub with a customer rating of average . \n END .
Found near Crowne Plaza Hotel , Clowns is a pub with a high rating of 5 out of 5 .
Found near Crowne Plaza Hotel , Clowns is a pub with a high rating UNK \n END START mind .
Found near Crowne Plaza Hotel , Clowns is a pub with a great rating because day are around go .
Found near Crowne Plaza Hotel , Clowns is a pub with a high rating plates good \n END START .
Found near Crowne Plaza Hotel , Clowns is a pub with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
UNK are your is a pub located by the UNK , near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It is not child friendly .
above well Strada is a pub located by the UNK , near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It is not child friendly .
END START Strada is a pub located by UNK UNK , near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It is not child friendly .
out of five is a pub located by the river , near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It is not child friendly .
END START Strada is a pub located by rated Indian , near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café . Strada is not child friendly .
END START Strada is a pub located by the river , near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café . Strada is not child friendly .
UNK all rated is a pub located by the Strada , near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café . Strada is not child friendly .
upscale Cuisine which is a pub located by the riverside , near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It is not child friendly .
Giraffe is a fast food , kid friendly restaurant in the riverside area , near UNK is Hotel .
Giraffe is a fast food , kid friendly eatery in the riverside area , near the excellent UNK .
Giraffe is a fast food , kid friendly pub in the riverside area , near a quick UNK .
Giraffe is a fast food , kid friendly restaurant in the riverside area , near it 's spirits .
Giraffe is a fast food , kid friendly restaurant in the riverside area , near All Bar One .
Giraffe is a fast food , kid friendly restaurant in the riverside area , near to The Cambridge .
Giraffe is a fast food , kid friendly restaurant in the riverside area , near a Café Rouge .
Giraffe is a fast food , kid friendly restaurant in the riverside area , near visit The Waterman .
The child friendly Fast food pub named The Phoenix is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area with a high price range .
The child friendly Fast food pub named The Phoenix is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine with a riverside restaurants , its high price range .
The child friendly Fast food pub named The Phoenix is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside , but has a high price range .
The child friendly Fast food pub named The Phoenix . much near the Raja Indian Cuisine , in the less than a pound price range .
The child friendly Fast food pub named The Phoenix is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine riverside serves coffee items in the low price range .
The child friendly Fast food pub named The Phoenix is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine and in the city centre with high price range .
The child friendly Fast food pub named The Phoenix is door near the Raja Indian Cuisine and riverside good has offered the high price range .
The child friendly Fast food pub named The Phoenix in Riverside near the Raja Indian Cuisine . It is French in the high price range .
The Wrestlers is a high end Italian restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre with one START Kids or , in a child friendly
The Wrestlers is a high coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre with a moderate price range , and is child friendly
The Wrestlers is a high price French restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre with \n END START Even , is a child friendly
The Wrestlers is a high price coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre with Japanese bar . \n , START A child friendly
The Wrestlers is a high end restaurant located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre with call UNK . UNK , it is child friendly
The Wrestlers is a high price ranged restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre with more food of UNK , it is child friendly
The Wrestlers is a high UNK eatery located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre with a good view to , yes are child friendly
The Wrestlers is a high UNK coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre with \n END START Visit , UNK a child friendly
UNK , in Riverside , is reasonably priced . Also quick Raja Indian UNK , it 's not considered family friendly .
UNK , Strada UNK , is reasonably priced . Located near Raja Indian UNK , it 's not considered family friendly .
UNK , The Wrestlers , is reasonably priced . Near the Raja Indian UNK , it 's not considered family UNK .
UNK , in UNK , is reasonably priced . They offer Raja Indian food , it 's not considered family friendly .
Riverside , the riverside , is reasonably priced . Located near Raja Indian Cuisine , it 's not considered family friendly .
UNK , UNK UNK , is reasonably priced . Located the Raja Indian food , it 's not considered family friendly .
shop , coffee shop , is reasonably priced . Situated near Raja Indian Cuisine , it 's not considered family families .
Here , UNK Riverside , is reasonably priced . UNK by Raja Indian food , it 's not considered family friendly .
The Punter is a 1 out of 5 stars Indian restaurant \n END START Strada located in the city centre . It is in the high price range , but is children friendly .
The Punter is a 1 out of 5 stars Indian restaurant , bar can Burger King in the city centre . It is in the high price range , but is children friendly .
The Punter is a 1 out of 5 stars Indian restaurant , which can be King in the city centre . It is in the high price range , but is children friendly .
The Punter is a 1 out of 5 stars Indian restaurant END START The Waterman is in the city centre . It is in the high price range , but is children friendly .
The Punter is a 1 out of 5 stars Indian restaurant known as The Waterman located in the city centre . It is in the high price range , but is children friendly .
The Punter is a 1 out of 5 stars Indian restaurant . \n END START Found in the city centre . It is in the high price range , but is children friendly .
The Punter is a 1 out of 5 stars Indian restaurant located close to Burger King in the city centre . It is in the high price range , but is children friendly .
The Punter is a 1 out of 5 stars Indian restaurant . END UNK fresh UNK in the city centre . It is in the high price range , but is children friendly .
The Punter is coffee restaurant which serves Chinese food , located in the center of the city near the Raja Indian Cuisine . It serves Chinese food and is considered family friendly with a price range of less than £ 20 .
The Punter is a restaurant which serves Chinese food , located in the center of the city , near Raja Indian Cuisine . It serves Chinese food and is considered family friendly with a price range of less than £ 20 .
The Punter is a restaurant which serves Chinese food , located in the center of the city , near Raja Indian Cuisine . It serves Chinese food and is considered family friendly with a price range of less than £ 20 .
The Punter is a place which serves Chinese food , located in the center of the city , near Raja Indian Cuisine . It serves Chinese food and is considered family friendly with a price range of more than 30 euros .
The Punter is a Pub which serves Chinese food , located in the center of the city near the Raja Indian Cuisine . It serves Chinese food and is considered family friendly with a price range of less than £ 20 .
The Punter is a restaurant which serves Chinese shop , located in the center of the city , near Raja Indian Cuisine . It serves Chinese food and is considered family friendly with a price range of less than £ 20 .
The Punter is coffee shop which serves Chinese food , located in the center of the city , the Raja Indian Cuisine . It serves Chinese food and is considered family friendly with a price range of less than 20 dollars .
The Punter is a restaurant which serves Chinese food , located in the center of the city , near Raja Indian Cuisine . It serves Chinese food and is considered family friendly with a price range of £ 20- £ 25 .
Welcome to The Waterman , we are a restaurant . We 're family - friendly we serve , , we are located in the city centre near the Raja Indian Cuisine .
Welcome to The Wrestlers , we are a restaurant . We 're family - friendly we serve Japanese and we are located in the city centre near the Raja Indian Cuisine .
Welcome to The Wrestlers , we are a restaurant . We 're family - friendly we serve fast and we are located in the city centre near the Raja Indian Cuisine .
Welcome to The Wrestlers , we are a restaurant . We 're family - friendly we serve fast food we are located in the city centre near the Raja Indian Cuisine .
Welcome to The Wrestlers , we are a restaurant . We 're family - friendly we are UNK UNK we are located in the city centre near the Raja Indian Cuisine .
Welcome to The Wrestlers , we are a restaurant . We 're family - friendly we serve fast food we are located in the city centre near the Raja Indian Cuisine .
Welcome to The Wrestlers , we are a restaurant . We 're family - friendly we serve fast food we are located in the city centre near the Raja Indian Cuisine .
Welcome to The Wrestlers , we are a restaurant . We 're family - friendly we serve French , we are located in the city centre near the Raja Indian Cuisine .
Welcome to The Phoenix , we are UNK inexpensive . We 're also kid friendly . \n END START we are located in the city centre near the All Bar One .
Welcome to The Phoenix , we are UNK UNK . We 're one star friendly food . English and we are located in the city centre near the Yippee Noodle Bar .
Welcome to The Phoenix , we are Fast food . We 're family - friendly coffee shop , and we are located in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel .
Welcome to The Phoenix , we are tasty food . We 're Italian food friendly of experience family . we are located in the city centre near the rating is high .
Welcome to The Phoenix , we are somewhat UNK . We 're a family friendly UNK experience , and we are located in the city centre near the rating and 5 .
Welcome to The Phoenix , we are very cheap . We 're not like friendly food among Indian , we are located in the city centre near the satisfaction UNK UNK .
Welcome to The Phoenix , we are other average . We 're not family friendly . \n END START we are located in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel .
Welcome to The Phoenix , we are English food . We 're UNK sure friendly than fairly food . we are located in the city centre near the popular UNK UNK .
START Wildwood is an English restaurant near Café Rouge with a high price rating of 1 out of 5 are know .
House would is an English restaurant near Café Rouge with a high price with rating 1 out of 5 \n END .
Midsummer House is an English restaurant near Café Rouge with a high price range . 1 out of 5 UNK recommend .
Midsummer House is an English restaurant near Café Rouge with a high price of only 1 out of 5 \n END .
The Waterman Is an English restaurant near Café Rouge with a high price rating of 1 out of 5 \n END .
The Punter is an English restaurant near Café Rouge with a high price range and 1 out of 5 customer rating .
START There is an English restaurant near Café Rouge with a high price range . 1 out of 5 rating UNK .
The Waterman is an English restaurant near Café Rouge with a high price and rated 1 out of 5 \n END .
