Near Express by Holiday Inn in riverside is The Rice Boat . They serve English food and it 's kid friendly .
END START The Golden Curry in riverside is near Café Rouge . They serve English food and it 's kid friendly .
START Browns Cambridge is in in riverside area near The Sorrento . They serve English food and it 's kid friendly .
START Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside there is Browns Cambridge . They serve English food and it 's kid friendly .
\n END START The Waterman in riverside has 1 out high . They serve English food and it 's kid friendly .
END START Green Man is in riverside near All Bar One . They serve English food and it 's kid friendly .
START Green Man is located in riverside near All Bar One . They serve English food and it 's kid friendly .
. \n END START Down in riverside is The Olive Grove . They serve English food and it 's kid friendly .
There is a middle price UNK restaurant The Phoenix that is family friendly in \n END START Strada offers .
There is a moderately priced restaurant called The Phoenix that is family friendly in \n END START Wildwood pub .
There is a cheap Italian restaurant named The Phoenix that is family friendly in the middle of the city .
There is a fast food restaurant called The Phoenix that is family friendly in the middle range \n END .
There is a cheap average priced restaurant The Phoenix that is family friendly in the riverside area . \n .
There is a fast food place called The Phoenix that is family friendly in prices less than £ 20 .
There is a cheap coffee shop called The Phoenix that is family friendly in city centre . \n END .
There is reasonable . \n END START The Phoenix that is family friendly in has very amazing fast food .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre area . It serves Japanese food in the moderate price range and is child friendly
The customer ratings are high . \n END START In the city centre area . It serves Italian food in the moderate price range and is child friendly
The \n END START The Olive Grove is located in the city centre area . It serves Japanese food in the moderate price range and is child friendly
The Waterman is 3 out of 5 and located in the city centre area . It offers Italian food in the moderate price range and is child friendly
The 5 . \n END START The Waterman is in the city centre area . It serves Italian food in the moderate price range and is child friendly
The . \n END START The Waterman is located in the city centre area . It serves Italian food in the moderate price range and is child friendly
The Waterman . \n END START The Waterman is in the city centre area . It serves Italian food in the moderate price range and is child friendly
The highly rated , The Waterman , is located in the city centre area . It serves Japanese food in the moderate price range and is child friendly
For \n £ START , Wrestlers coffee shop , located near Raja Indian Cuisine , delivers Japanese food in a riverside , family friendly environment .
For under £ 20 , try The Wrestlers , located near Raja Indian Cuisine , delivers Japanese food in a riverside , family friendly environment .
For under £ 20 , this coffee shop , located near Raja Indian Cuisine , delivers Japanese food in a riverside , family friendly environment .
For under £ 20 , The Wrestlers restaurant , located near Raja Indian Cuisine , delivers Japanese food in a riverside , family friendly environment .
For under £ 20 , The Wrestlers coffee , located near Raja Indian Cuisine , delivers Japanese food in a riverside , family friendly environment .
For under £ 20 , The Wrestlers coffee , located near Raja Indian Cuisine , delivers Japanese food in a riverside , family friendly environment .
For under £ 20 , UNK The Wrestlers , located near Raja Indian Cuisine , delivers Japanese food in a riverside , family friendly environment .
For than £ 20 , The Wrestlers coffee , located near Raja Indian Cuisine , delivers Japanese food in a riverside , family friendly environment .
Giraffe Grove serves fast food for less than £ 20 in riverside . They are not family - friendly .
Giraffe START The fast food restaurant The Waterman is located in riverside . They are not family - friendly .
Giraffe is a fast food restaurant named The Waterman located in riverside . They are not family - friendly .
Giraffe is a fast food . It is located near in riverside . They are not family - friendly .
Giraffe Golden Curry fast food restaurant located near Café Rouge in riverside . They are not family - friendly .
Giraffe UNK and fast food , . Fitzbillies is located in riverside . They are not family - friendly .
Giraffe is a fast food coffee shop near Clare Hall in riverside . They are not family - friendly .
Giraffe provides great fast food . They are located located in riverside . They are not family - friendly .
An English serving child friendly . \n END START Wildwood is a highly - priced
An English serving child friendly , restaurant in the riverside area . \n END START
An English serving child friendly restaurant in the riverside area . \n END START Alimentum
An English serving child friendly \n END START There is a cheap pub called Wildwood
An English serving child friendly restaurant , food venue is The Twenty Two \n END
An English serving child friendly . \n END START The pub UNK fast food Zizzi
An English serving child friendly restaurant Strada . \n END START Wildwood pub is food
An English serving child friendly budget . \n END START The Golden Palace is restaurant
Strada near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café , a Fast food , is family friendly , and situated riverside called rated .
is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café , a Fast restaurant is UNK UNK friendly , and situated riverside called Strada .
Located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café , a Fast restaurant that is kid friendly , and situated riverside called Strada .
Located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café , a Fast restaurant that is high friendly , and situated riverside called Strada .
Located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café , a Fast restaurant , is Strada friendly , and situated riverside called high .
and near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café , a Fast rated , child - friendly , and situated riverside called Strada .
START near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café , a Fast food place , high friendly , and situated riverside called Strada .
is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café , a Fast range of more than friendly , and situated riverside called Strada .
- priced coffee shop serving English food and are in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine , check out The Mill pub . cheap eats - just do UNK bring your kids .
START If you 're UNK English food and are in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine , check out The Mill pub . cheap eats - just do UNK bring your kids .
START If you are UNK English food and are in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine , check out The Mill pub . cheap eats - just do UNK bring your kids .
area . \n END START English food and are in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine , check out The Mill pub shop cheap eats - just do UNK bring your kids .
friendly . \n END START English food and are in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine , check out The Mill pub This cheap eats - just do UNK bring your kids .
START If you are UNK English food and are in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine , check out The Mill pub It cheap eats - just do UNK bring your kids .
a coffee shop that offers English food and are in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine , check out The Mill pub . cheap eats - just do UNK bring your kids .
. \n END START For English food and are in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine , check out The Mill pub shop cheap eats - just do UNK bring your kids .
The Punter is near The Portland Holiday . \n END START and is an Indian restaurant . It has a price range is high , located near Ranch , and has an average customer rating .
The Punter is near Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside and is an Indian restaurant . It has a price range is high , is kid friendly , and has an average customer rating .
The Punter is near The Portland Holiday . \n END START and is an Indian restaurant . It has a price range is high , is children friendly , and has an average customer rating .
The Punter is near The Portland Holiday \n END START The and is an Indian restaurant . It has a price range is high , is in riverside , and has an average customer rating .
The Punter is near the Yippee Holiday Bar \n END START and is an Indian restaurant . It has a price range is high , children friendly UNK , and has an average customer rating .
The Punter is near Express by Holiday Inn on the riverside and is an Indian restaurant . It has a price range is high , it children friendly , and has an average customer rating .
The Punter is near The Portland Holiday \n END START The and is an Indian restaurant . It has a price range is high , is kid friendly , and has an average customer rating .
The Punter is near The Portland Holiday \n END START The and is an Indian restaurant . It has a price range is high , is kid friendly , and has an average customer rating .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine , riverside , there is a children - friendly place name of UNK .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine , riverside , there is a kid friendly Fast food place named Cotto .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine , Riverside , there is a moderately priced French restaurant named The Wrestlers .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine , Riverside , there is a moderately priced coffee shop called The Wrestlers .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine , riverside , there is a kid friendly French restaurant called The Wrestlers .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine , Riverside , there is a moderately priced French restaurant named The Wrestlers .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine , Riverside , there is a cheap restaurant called The Wrestlers coffee shop .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine , Riverside , there is a cheap family friendly coffee shop \n END .
Blue Spice is a coffee restaurant located in the riverside . It is child friendly is is in the high price range .
Blue Spice is an expensive restaurant located in the riverside . It is child friendly is is highly rated by its customers .
Blue Spice is a coffee shop located in the riverside . It is kids friendly is is near Avalon . \n END .
Blue Spice is a cheap venue located in the riverside . It 's family friendly is is poorly rated . \n END .
Blue Spice is a cheap restaurant located in the riverside . It is family friendly is is a bit 5 star rating .
Blue Spice is an beautiful restaurant located in the riverside . It is family friendly is is considered for under £ 20 .
Blue Spice is an expensive restaurant located in the riverside . It is low friendly is is family friendly . \n END .
Blue Spice is a coffee shop located in the riverside . It is child friendly is is UNK ratings are low though .
The Wrestlers is is child friendly and offers fast food priced on average at more than £ 30 . It is located in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The coffee shop is child friendly and offers fast food priced on average at more than £ 30 . It is located in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Wrestlers restaurant is child friendly and offers fast food priced on average at more than £ 30 . It is located in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The coffee shop is child friendly and offers fast food priced on average at more than £ 30 . It is located in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The coffee shop is child friendly and offers fast food priced on average at more than £ 30 . It is located in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The coffee shop is child friendly and offers fast food priced on average at more than £ 30 . It is located in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The coffee shop is child friendly and offers fast food priced on average at more than £ 30 . It is located in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Rice Boat is child friendly and offers fast food priced on average at more the riverside area . It is a coffee shop . area , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
For Italian food in a kids friendly environment , try The Waterman restaurant . less than £ 20 , prices , it can be found in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine .
For Italian food in a kids friendly environment , try The Waterman restaurant . prices for £ 20 - 25 , it can be found in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine .
For Italian food in a kids friendly environment , try The Waterman restaurant . For less than 20 pounds , , it can be found in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine .
For Italian food in a kids friendly environment , try The Waterman restaurant . For between £ 20 - 25 , it can be found in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine .
For Italian food in a kids friendly environment , try The Waterman restaurant . For between £ 20 - 25 , it can be found in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine .
For Italian food in a kids friendly environment , try The Waterman restaurant . Priced between £ 20 - 25 , it can be found in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine .
For Italian food in a kids friendly environment , try The Waterman restaurant . less than £ 20 per head , it can be found in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine .
For Italian food in a kids friendly environment , try The Waterman restaurant . Priced for £ 20 - 25 , It can be found in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Mill is a fast food located near Café Rouge with a price range between £ 20 - 25 . It has a high customer rating and is near the Café Sicilia , but it is not kid friendly .
The Mill is a fast coffee shop near Café Rouge with a price range between £ 20 - 25 . It has a high customer rating and is located near Burger King , but it is not kid friendly .
The Mill is a fast food restaurant near Café Rouge with a price range between £ 20 - 25 . It has a high customer rating and is in the riverside area , but it is not kid friendly .
The Mill is a fast coffee shop near Café Rouge with a price range between £ 20 - 25 . It has a high customer rating and is in the city centre , but it is not kid friendly .
The Mill is a fast food restaurant near Café Rouge with a price range between £ 20 - 25 . It has a high customer rating and is in the city centre , but it is not kid friendly .
The Mill is a fast food pub near Café Rouge with a price range between £ 20 - 25 . \n END START Alimentum offers rating and is in the riverside area , but it is not kid friendly .
The Mill is a fast food pub near Café Rouge with a price range between £ 20 - 25 . \n END START The Wrestlers rating and is an average customer rating , but it is not kid friendly .
The Mill is a fast eatery located near Café Rouge with a price range between £ 20 - 25 . It has a high customer rating and is in the city centre , but it is not kid friendly .
Green Man is a restaurant serving Italian food , which is located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn and it is not children friendly .
Green Man is a restaurant serving Italian food , can be found in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn and has a high price friendly .
Green Man is a restaurant serving Japanese food , It is located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn and has a moderate price friendly .
Green Man is a restaurant serving The Rice , can be found in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn and it is not child friendly .
Green Man is a restaurant serving English food , It is located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn and is not child - friendly .
Green Man is a restaurant serving Italian food , it is located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn and it is not children friendly .
Green Man is a restaurant serving moderately - , food . Located in the riverside centre near Express by Holiday Inn and it is family - friendly .
Green Man is a restaurant serving Italian food , it is situated in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn and It is very kid friendly .
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside , The Waterman coffee shop is kid friendly , Italian , restaurant .
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside is The Waterman . Not a kid friendly , Italian , and .
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside , The Waterman is a cheap family friendly , Italian , shop .
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside is The Waterman . A cheap family friendly , Italian , shop .
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside , The Waterman is a kid - friendly , Italian , shop .
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside , The Waterman is a kid - friendly , Italian , shop .
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside is The Waterman . A non family friendly , Italian , coffee .
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside is The Waterman . They are kid friendly , Italian , establishment .
The Cricketers is a children - Friendly 5 out 5 rating near the Ranch . \n END
The Cricketers is a family - Friendly 5 out 5 rating it located near The Portland Arms
The Cricketers is a family - Friendly 5 out 5 rating \n END START Strada is a
The Cricketers is a family - Friendly 5 out 5 rating . \n END START The Waterman
The Cricketers is a family - Friendly 5 out 5 rating . \n END START The Waterman
The Cricketers is a family - Friendly 5 out 5 rating , so have UNK to it
The Cricketers is a family - Friendly 5 out 5 rating . \n END START The Strada
The Cricketers is a family - Friendly 5 out 5 rating near the Ranch . \n END
The Mill is a higher priced , family friendly restaurant serving Japanese style food . It is located near the city centre .
The Mill is a higher priced , family friendly restaurant serving in English food . It is located near the city centre .
The Mill is a higher priced , family friendly restaurant serving delicious Japanese food . It is located near the city centre .
The Mill is a higher priced , family friendly restaurant serving in Japanese food . It is located near the city centre .
The Mill is a higher priced , kid friendly restaurant serving serves French food . It is located near the Café Rouge .
The Mill is a higher priced , family friendly restaurant serving a Japanese food . It is located near Café Rouge \n .
The Mill is a higher priced , family friendly restaurant serving serves Japanese food . It is located near the Café Rouge .
The Mill is a higher priced , family friendly restaurant serving serves Japanese food . It is located near Café Rouge . .
The Waterman is restaurant which offering fast food . Not suitable for adults , it is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine . It has a moderate price range .
The Waterman is restaurant which friendly coffee shop . Not suitable fast food , it is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine . It has a moderate price range .
The Waterman is restaurant which food coffee shop . Not suitable for families , it is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine . It has a moderate price range .
The Waterman is restaurant which serves Italian food . Not suitable for families , it is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine . It has a moderate price range .
The Waterman is restaurant which serves Japanese food . Not suitable for kids , it is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine . It has a moderate price range .
The Waterman is restaurant which friendly coffee shop . Not suitable Fast food , it is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine . It has a moderate price range .
The Waterman is restaurant which serves fast food . Not suitable for families , it is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine . It has a moderate price range .
The Waterman is restaurant which - friendly restaurant . Not suitable fast food , it is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine . It has a moderate price range .
The Boat is a high priced restaurant that serves Indian food in the city centre , near Express by Holiday Inn , it is child friendly and has an average customer rating .
The Rice Boat a high priced restaurant that serves Indian food in the city centre , near Express by Holiday Inn , it is child friendly and has an average customer rating .
The Boat is a high priced restaurant that serves Indian food in the riverside area , near Express by Holiday Inn , it is child friendly and has an average customer rating .
The Boat is a high priced restaurant that serves Indian food in the city centre , near Express by Holiday Inn , it is child friendly and has an average customer rating .
The Boat is a high priced restaurant that serves Indian food in the city centre , near Express by Holiday Inn , it is child friendly and has an average customer rating .
The Boat is a high priced restaurant that serves Indian food in the city centre , near Express by Holiday Inn , it is child friendly and has an average customer rating .
The Boat is a high priced restaurant that serves Indian food in the city centre , near Express by Holiday Inn , it is child friendly and has an average customer rating .
The Boat is a high priced restaurant that serves Indian food in the city centre , near Express by Holiday Inn , it is child friendly and has an average customer rating .
